Best Scream Factory releases?
Horror movie help!!
Killjoy from Necrophagia Talks about writting horror scripts
Why we have the Martyrs remake and more about its much bigger better mother Martyrs OG. [BLOG]
Could Tarantino make a horror film that's better than Death Proof?
The Forest (2016): The use of setting is great, but for a film plot centered on supernatural illusions, this is no Oculus
Dolls (1987) Video Discussion - A cheesy fun time from the director of Re-Animator.
Soma - Sci-fi Horror Game
Can you help me identify this alien movie??
Threads (1984) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Did a horror movie leave a weird superstition or 'OCD' type of behavior on you all these years later like me!?
Amityville: The Awakening Gets April Release Date
Hi Reddit. Looking to watch a good horror tonight on Netflix (or would consider paying on iTunes). Any recommendations?
White Mirror #2: WHAT ARE THESE MONSTERS??
CANNIBAL horror comedy
How to Make an Eighties Slasher
/r/horror movie night at magestream.org
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [horror]
The Doctor (gmod plague doctor short film)
[Creepypasta] "Fall Fog" by Anonymous
The Bloodlust lists 10 Horror Movies Involving Time-Travel
I made a site that makes you able to find/rate/review horror movies. Latest update even allows for tags, better algorithm &amp; more. Let me know your thoughts!
Good horrors/thrillers that take place at a dinner party?
Official Dreadit Discussion: "The Boy" [SPOILERS]
A question about the film 'creep' and a possibly trilogy?
What films are you looking forward to most?
What will it take to reinvigorate the Slasher subgenre?
What's Your Favorite Non-Horror Film of All Time?
Help looking for the name of a foreign horror movie !
My Special FX Collection!
Has anyone here seen 'The Tall Man?'
Any recos for good caving/underground type of horrors?
It's a new year so let's talk about the best horror films of 2015
"Martyrs" (2015) The Same as the original just not as good or heartbreaking [Review]
Screams Quarterly Magazine Issue 1 - The Matriarchs of Scream!
JeruZalem (2016) Trailer
It's never a good sign when a films most endearing quality is its closing song. Review of Knock Knock.
Shriekfest Opens its 2016 Call for Entries!
Deathgasm Gets Censored by Walmart
Microhorror No. 4: Grandma's Cookies
Creepypasta - Shadows living within Walls
Thanks to everyone who watched our first part of the EVP Horror Game, Sylvio 2. Here is the thrilling conclusion.
R.I.P. Angus Scrimm, the “Tall Man”, Dies at 89
Caught "Intruders" Last Night - Loved It! Found This Awesome Interview
Film Bizarro's Top 30 Movies of the Year
Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse - Review - (Paramount Pictures)
HOMER - indie horror short based on Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark and inspired by Tucker and Dale Vs Evil.
NECA TOYS 7" Friday the 13th VGA Jason (Theme Music Packaging) Review
29 of the product placements in Wes Craven's Scream re-edited as commercials
Last supper Texas Chainsaw Mashup
Anyone familiar with Blackout NYC? They recently began their new horror experience "21"
Introducing a new service for horror producers and haunters - SCARETRAX on demand horror soundtracks
The Gallows may have been one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen
Help me out with Howl. (Spoilers)
Is The Taking of Deborah Logan worth it?
The Children [1980] Anyone ever seen this movie?
The name of this horror film?
What horror directors would have the most disturbing home videos?
The sabbath is nigh...
Blair Witch Project's Eduardo Sanchez Directing Santeria at Starz
Favorite psychopath women in movies?
Vote in the iHorror Movie Awards
Krampus Gets February DVD/Blu-ray Release Date
25 Trading Card Set - Killer Babes (Women in Horror) Sketches - Kickstarter
Wanna know what it's like running an Award-winning horror small press? The founder of Crystal Lake Publishing, Joe Mynhardt, tells us all about it in his guest post!
Married 6 years, I'm tired of it... I do not want to have fun? [horror]
SOUTHBOUND - Trailer 1 - On a desolate stretch of road, weary travelers are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales of terror and remorse on the open road.
I recorded a demo with a few Phantasm sound clips. Here's to the Tall Man.
How I imagine people in 2016 will try lose weight.
I counted down the horror films of 2015, from worst to best. What did you think the best one was?
Introducing a new service for horror producers and haunters - SCARETRAX on demand custom horror soundtracks
Horror + Music put together beautifully. This guy is very underrated.
Horror movies on Crackle
The Relic (1997)
Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones (2014) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Can you recommend some horror books to start with?
CreepyPasta - HabboTED
Rob Zombie's 31 - Movie Review (Sundance 2016)
Total Movie Recall #17 – The Blair Witch Project - The guys talk about how susceptible to the scares they were (and decidedly still are), how embarrassingly gullible 13-year old Ryan was &amp; how freaky runic symbols are.
Horror Games of 2002 the fear is real
Exploring Prince of Darkness - Good Bad Flicks
Mama 2 sequel; no Jessica Chastain or del Toro BUT Dennis Widmyer and Kevin Kolsch of Starry Eyes will be directing.
The Value of Nightmares: How The Academy Awards Continue to Ignore Horror
What is your favorite Horror Movie?
13 Cool Vintage Horror Board Games
Zombie Games for Horror fans
Dissertation Horror Game Survey.
[horror] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:tinnag
A New Horror Publication Enters The Market... Will this one work?
Top 8 Scariest Songs Of All Time
'Tis the Season of the Witch - Naughty or Nice...Everybody Dies! Kickstarter
Looking for a particular Tales From the Crypt episode.
Curse of the Werewolf (1961) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Trying to find 80s or 90s horror tv episode
Hear about Screambox.com?
Horror Poster Artists
Has anyone seen the veil?
Kristy (2014) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Thoughts on the extended cut of Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension?
When horror goes full circle...a trailer for "Pi Day Die Day"
If anyone's interested... I'm currently engaged with a project that consists of me watching Paranormal Activity 4 once a week, for 100 weeks.
Bela Lugosi, the poverty row films, a conversation with author Frank J. Dello Stritto
American Poltergeist Review
When Black Birds Fly - Animated Horror Film Review
Scariest urban legends/tales?
How do you guys feel about screambox? I just found the app and not sure if it's worth subscribing to.
Tribute to the Tall Man - Angus Scrimm - Phantasm Theme Funeral Home 201...
The Original Genuine Picture of what Jeffrey Dahmer made will make you sleepless tonight
Freddy Krueger, tattoo by Rob Richardson
Anxiety Indie Horror Game - Boomerang Games | Indie Mix Series
Pixel Mixers - Songs from a Nightmare [Horror in Video Games Tribute Album]
These Are the Most Profitable Horrors of 2015
Splatter University (1984) Video Discussion - Some folks just don't know how to enjoy a bad movie.
Ghost Hunters Episode 2: Revenge of the Rake Monster
Wish this was an actual thing - Gobstopper Trailer
Never mind Oscar, here’s the 2015 FANGORIA Chainsaw Awards Nominees Ballot!
New Review for The Witch! Plus question...
Help finding a phantasm sound clip!
Martyrs.. I'm sure it's been done to death, but..
Any horror movies that center around the woods/forest?
I made a Top 10 WTF Horror Movies video
Silly question about Evil Dead (reboot)
A questionnaire about different mediums of horror for a College course I'm doing. It's only short, so please fill out?
The Perfect Host (A hidden gem)
Seth Grahame-Smith, author of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, is doing an AMA in /r/books!
My friend was in an episode of "A Haunting" !
custom zombtine shirt i created
The Witch | Paranoia | New Trailer (2016)
Safeword- Horror BDSM movie
Tales from the crypt coming back
Poster for Rob Zombie's new film "31"
The Evil Dead Theatrical Reactions
Freaks of Nature was a surprisingly fun monster-horror-comedy
I finally watched... The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Dreadit Discussion: Weekly Watch Report - January 8, 2016
Help me bring Horror to the stage!
I have been working through the Fangoria list published in their 300th issue. I was wondering if anyone has used the same list as a guide?
American Horror Story season 6 about Slender Man? 'Not true,' says source
"Hollow Eyes" - Creepy GoPro POV
“American Horror Story” Eyes the Most Famous Internet Creepy Pasta For Sixth Season
DETENTION- Chilling Leica Reel
The Walking Dead’s Lauren Cohan Finds a Doll Scarier than any Zombie, Her New Movie "The Boy" is a Nightmare
» After Reading This Horror Sentences You Won’t Need Coffee to Stay Awake (Don’t Read If You Are Alone)
Our Dinner With Joel Reed of Blood Sucking Freaks
Horror Movie Jubilation!
TV reviews: WGN's creepy, gory "Salem" and SyFy's adaptation of Arthur C. Clarke's chilling Childhood's End.
Why 2016 will not be the return of the slasher
Do you want to attend special fan premieres of The Boy tomorrow? Scaretissue is giving away 2 sets of tickets!
3 Ghost Winter Chill Stories
Horroritis: He Never Died (2015)
Disturb Not...
I recently watched [Le pacte des loups(Brotherhood of the Wolf)].
Anyone knows what J-horror anthology series this is from?
Help with a movie title
Amazon Prime Video Horror Movie Recommendations?
Need help remembering the name of new movie
Scary Movies ok for kids
2016 Fantastic Fest ticket prices.
We Await (Charles Pinion Director) Looking for DVD
Can anyone tell what this is from? It was used in artwork for an album, and I'm convinced it's from a horror movie, but can't place it
'The Thing' painting made by a friend
This makes slenderman look like santa clause.
Psychiatrists studied 400 movies to find the most realistic psychopath (x-post from /r/psychology)
The bloody Mary game. Go to your bahtroom, turn off the light and say Bloody Mary three times. In this case, she appeared.
11 Horror Stories To Scare The Shit Out Of You
Any good Evil Dead comics?
The rest of The Exorcist movies
Halloween II (1981) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Vote For Our Horror Awards
Movies like "CHEAP THRILLS (2014)" HELP REDDIT!
Anyone here subscribe to get Horror Loot crates? Best ones? Worst Ones? hidden gems?
How has music in horror films changed throughout the decades?
Does anybody know where I can get the original Jack Attack prop from Full Moon's 'Demonic Toys (1992)'?
Watched "The Hidden" 1987...never heard of it before...but I really enjoyed it.
Who here has made a horror film? (short film or feature)
Scanners: Still Blowing Minds after 25 Years
I will be the guy that didnt hate american martyrs..
Horrorhound Radio discuss the best horror films of 2015!
"Among The Sleep" - Horrifying Adventures of a Two-Year-Old| Who's Messing With This Kid!? [Video Game]
Agatha Christie Hakkında Bilinmeyenler
Moonlight Frights: The House That Screamed
Need recommendations for a horror movie that I will find scary.
Need help remember a horror-ish film?
Have remembered this movie since i was a kid but no name (early 90's)
Something eerie that hints at the supernatural.
Need help finding a movie.. details inside
Recommend some good reanimation horror movies.
I made a thing.
Has anyone seen Yellow Brick Road, your thoughts?
Why are young beautiful women almost always the last survivor in Horror movies?
Underrated Revenge Horror/Exploitation Films
Has Rob Zombie made a successful horror film?
Unexplained Activity Near Haunted Mirror |
Impact of Horror Stories and Urban Legends
The Beyond - Full Horror Movie
Jason Voorhees - Kool Aid Man
Check out this 3D Printed Lovecraft Guitar
Live-Evil Review
Review of Rob Zombie's 31
Banana Pudding
SOUNDTRACK SWAP Video | The House of the Devil &amp; Rosemary's Baby
Martyrs Remake: Garbage? Or Hot Garbage?
Best horror films streaming on Amazon Prime?
What is your favorite Slasher Film and Why?
Movie collection
Probably the most frequently done horror short.
The Tenant (1976) - one of the best paranoid atmospheres I've seen in a while
Don't Deliver Us from Evil
Horror as a unique genre in film
Who is the best director of slasher films?
I have a question about Krampus (2015) *SPOILERS*
[Spoilers] The work behind Krampus by Weta Workshop
Empire of the Censors Part 2 - a 1995 BBC documentary about the BBFC (1971 onwards)
Poll Result: Favourite Horror Franchise
1 Minute Dark Horror Music
Fear Equation - Snowpiercer meets The Fog
THE VEIL Official Trailer (2016) Jessica Alba, Thomas Jane Horror Movie!
Blumhouse Drops 3 new titles to Netflix
Top 10 Kills in the ‘Hostel’ Franchise
Has Rob Zombie made a single good horror movie?
literature Its not dating site, its search parthers for sex online/offline, NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT
Phantom of the Paradise - New Documentary Teaser Trailer &amp; Indiegogo - Final Hours
My 2015 Babadook Halloween Outfit.
10 Cloverfield Lane Trailer (2016) - A Sequel to Cloverfield?
Official Dreadit Discussion: "Martyrs" (2016) [SPOILERS]
Been watching a bunch of found footage and "documentary" horror movies lately, thought I'd share what I've seen.
Thoughts on Dreamcatcher?
Has anyone else ever called the emergency number on the side of the barrel in the first "Return of the Living Dead"?
What did Angus do for you? He brought me to what I love. RIP.
Trick or Treats (1982) vs Trick or Treat (1986) vs Trick 'r Treat (2008)
Best Horror Anthology TV shows?
Looking for Arctic (or Antarctic) Horror Movies
Will we ever see another Scream?
I finally got around to watching Re-Animator
Let me In, or Let the Right One In?
Horrorhound January-Febuary Leatherface issues.
What horror movies have the best "look"?
Help finding an article?
Has there ever been a legitimately scary Horror Broadway play?
31 (Sundance Review) [SPOILERS]
Is 'Yellowbrickroad' worth a watch?
Frankenstein (1931) - Another classic horror film
You can download wallpapers from 'The Witch' website
Sleepaway Camp - Angela's Theme
Was Death Proof a Horror Movie?
Watch The First Trailer For The Mysterious 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE
Creepy killer Clown from AHS, tattoo by Seunghyun Jo
Happy Birthday John Carpenter: The 10 Greatest Carpenter Films
SCEAMING SOUP! Looks at some of Horror's most memorable hounds of terror!
Check Out The Trailer And Artwork For LAST SHIFT
The Dark Below - Lovecraftian horror film coming out this year
Thought you guys might like to see my acrylic/wood painting of The Shining.
TNT and M. Night Shyamalan Resurrecting Tales from the Crypt
Friday the 13th Part 2 (1981) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Scares or imagery?
Pyramid Head's Great Knife (Silent Hill) - MAN AT ARMS: REFORGED!!
Is The Texas Chainsaw Massacre a slasher film?
Horror list from 2015
Creation of Pumpkinhead. Bare with the silly opening.
Rob Zombie's "31" Gets Decent First Review
The Gates of Hell Open in JeruZalem
The Boy movie review: Has a decent premise, but an overall boring horror movie with a hilariously bad climax.
"Devil's Night" Teaser Trailer
75 movies released in 2015 ranked from best to worst
All Is Dust - Jeepers Creepers!
Just watched A Bay of Blood. Wow!
I submitted the first half of this horror comic a while back, but now the full thing is online: "Dinner Party"
Last House on the Left (1972) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Favorite 'slow burn' movies
[DISCUSSION] Need some help naming a horror character
Martyrs remake - thoughts going in?
An examination of body horror by Reddit (NSFW)
In my opinion, horror took the year off in 2015.
Red dust movie
What actors are the best at being evil or menacing?
Did you hear about the really scary movie that is banned in a lot of countries?
My 2015 Horror Short, "Paranoia"
Horroritis: 12 Months Of Foreign Horror Hong Kong
SOMA: Survival Horror Game Part #17
6 Complete Horror Franchises to Stream on Netflix Now - Dread Central
Hey, I'm Tasha and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Some sweet horror-themed pinball machines
Beauty Secrets
The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: An Original, Effective and Highly Influential Pillar of Horror Cinema.
Best Tarantino's interview ever The Unexpected Late Show
"The Drop of Water" from Black Sabbath (1963) [720p]
FIRST LOOK: Visage 12 minutes of gameplay - a horror survival game like P.T.
Among The Sleep is a unique horror game played through the view of a toddler, take a look! :D
Fan Tributes to Angus Scrimm
M. Night Shyamalan Is Bringing Back Tales From the Crypt
My partner and I have been podcasting our way through the top rated 52 Horror Movies of all time (according to a Rotten Tomatoes list). Give us a listen at the link or on iTunes. Thanks in advance.
I'm currently trying to shoot a short horror film. I post here a lot. Any support would be appreciated.
Demon knight, what a hidden gem
The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb (1964) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Go see The Witch
The mechanics behind the chestburster
What are your favorite B horror movies from the seventies?
Any suggestions for lesser known slashers from 2000-2015?
What We Do In the Shadows (2014) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Horror podcast
Arrêt Pipi: The Most Terrifying Pitstop You'll Ever Make
If you ever come across the found footage horror film Lucky Bastard, Run away as far as you can [Review]
She was so scared, she ran into the Pillar!
Nerd Rage Renegades EP 72: An Interview with Sleepaway Camp’s Felissa Rose
[horror] Reddit hookup. Base of beaty reddit girls for f*ucking! The base of beautiful girls is available...
A pic of the CABIN FEVER remake cast
Just subbed to Screambox
Top 10 Anthology Horror Films(Watch Mojo)
Never open the crate
Added a Shudder subscription to Amazon Instant Video, but I can't log into the Shudder app.
Anyone know what this is from ? God i hope it's a movie.
Dreadit, could you suggest some iconic images I can work into the drawing I'm doing?
I saw 31. Anyone care what my thoughts were?
Help Identifying old / foreign horror movie.
Can someone spoil The Witch (Robert Eggers, 2015) for me?
Those of you snowed in and riding out the blizzard, what are you watching?
Searching for a Movie
Need help finding a movie
Staying in the horror loop.
What will be the future of the classic slasher franchises?
Help us out by Voting for our Horror/Science Fiction Awards show
Nerd Rage Renegades Ep 73: Sinister 2 and Green Inferno
H.P. Lovecraft on film: 16 cinematic adaptations of the horror giant's work
Title for "What We Do in the Shadows" Sequel Revealed!!
Tremors turns 26 today. How has your impression of the film changed overtime?
Cabin Fever remake| official trailer US (2016) IFC
Biggest Site For Sex! Find Your Love for sex! my asaa
Григорий GAN Неделько "47 отголосков тьмы" (сборник рассказов ужасов от победителей спецконкурса) / Grigory GAN Nedelko "47 Echoes Of Darkness" (a book of horror short stories by winners of special competition)
New horror anthology movie Terror Tales in the works
Losing my mind in Distraint!
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDYS part two: NO POWER!!!!!
Dread Central Favorites of 2015
Why aren't people talking about Bone Tomahawk? Am I missing something? Great film.
Children Shouldn't Play With Dead Things
regarding the witch (2016)
Just finished "A Cabin In The Woods" for the first time and wanna know if anyone caught this maybe reference?
Horror movies with lgbt representation?
Can anyone name this horror film shown on cable?
6 extremely upsetting No Sleep stories (with links)
Any good eldritch/Lovecraftian movies?
Sxtape (2013) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Just rewatched House of Wax (remake) for the first time since it came out...
Amnesia: The Dark Descent | Immersive Survival Horror Game
Sci Fi/Thriller film I made a couple years back. It's loosely inspired by the X-Files. I thought it might fit in here.
Gorgeously macabre vintage posters from Europe in the early 1900s, not all of them are horror but they might as well be
DOCTERROR.COM: ITALIAN HORROR WEEK: The People VS. Friday the 13th or... BAVA SHOT FIRST!!! (Part I of III)
[Review] Reality and Fantasy Are One in the Same in Miike’s Methodical ‘Over Your Dead Body’
Halloween Returns Put on Ice - The Laguna Spectator
The Conjuring 2 - Official Teaser Trailer [HD]
NSFW Clip Shows Off the Other Halves - Dread Central
‘Dredd’ Set To Bring The Law To Netflix In 13 Episode Mini-Series Event.
Just watched Inside...
Which cover from a horror comic book would you most like to see made into a movie?
Your so cool, Brewster! Fright night Documentary!!!
Elves (1989) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
What are your most anticipated films of 2016?
Dellamorte Dellamore (1994) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
Other anthologies like ABCs of Death?
I watched The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
Anybody know of any movies with positive portrayals of gay characters?
[horror] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Check out this collection of '80s horror VHS retailer promo videos from the Mom &amp; Pop Video Shop era!
Review: The Forest (no spoilers)
With Lingering Teen Romance, the Horror Is an Easy-to-Watch. Watch this movie
The Void - Official Proof of Concept Trailer [HD]
25 Really Scary Horror Movies Based On True Stories
Sergio Martino’s Torso (1973)
good horror movies
Sam Raimi interview about Evil Dead (1982)
Interview with Extreme Horror Author, Matt Shaw.
Would you dare to stay one night at any of these 5 Scariest, Creepiest And Most Haunted Places In The World Today?
Ten Deadly Demons From Classic Fright Flicks!
Ballerina [5:51] Short Horror Film - A woman at home alone encounters a malevolent presence in the form of a... music box?
Hail to the adorable King, baby!
Quick Question: Why do many of you consider Pontypool to be a good movie?
Urban Creep - new Urban Fantasy &amp; Horror blog [X-Post /r/urbanfantasy]
Creepy Late Night Walk Story.
Podcasts reminiscent of Night Vale?
I Am Bailey Noble and an actor in the new film MARTYRS. Ask me anything!
Gory creature movies?
Just watched Vile.
Weekly Discussion: What to watch on Streaming Video - January 04, 2016
Has anyone seen "Begotten"?
Where can I watch Phantasm?
Got another horror movie that I can't remember from my childhood! This one is probably harder to discover as I only remember one scene.
Aquatic horror movie recommendations?
Afflicted (Ending Spoiler discussion)
Amityville: The Awakening theatrical release moved up two weeks to April 1st
"No Signal" Horror Short Film
Home Alone Horror Trailer
Electric Chair Execution
Horror Books &amp; Movies: Read the first chapter of ARIOCH: Demon of Vengeance for free!
Shopping cart horror - New York Post
Belonging - dont take wat isnt yours
Origins of THE GRIM REAPER (the black plague)
[Serious] The Exorcist - Is it still scary?
Researching Horror movies for Youtube Series. Could use some suggestions
Help finding a movie
Could anyone recommend films "similar" to The Hills Have Eyes remake?
Horror Film Based in Scotland? Can't remember the name
Rewatching Scream: The Tv Series...
2 minute trailer talk Freaks of Nature 2015
The Evil Within | Episode 2 | PC | 60 FPS | 2016 Gameplay
THE HOUSE ON PINE STREET - A psychological horror about a young woman coping with an unwanted pregnancy after moving into a seemingly haunted house. (Final trailer - Feb 1st release)
Tyler Perry to Direct New "HALLOWEEN" Film
13 Amazing Made-for-TV Horror Movies
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my itt
Moonlight Frights: Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse
Will krampus get an unrated cut possibly on blu ray.
Doctor Elkin (Not even really scary)
The Cimmerian Writings of Erik Hofstatter
TV Waffle - ASH VS EVIL DEAD Season 1, Episode 10: The Dark One
Leech Woman from Puppet Master, tattoo by Paul Acker
THESE WOODS HATE ME - Wick #2 (YouTube Commentator Tournament @TheBroMan...
Short article on the production of Neon Maniacs 1986
Does anyone know if there's any horror comic book?
TOP-5 creepiest websites on the Internet
I believe Sinister is one of the best horror movies in recent memory.
Lemon Tree Passage (2014) /R/HORROR Official Discussion
How are the Texas Chainsaw Massacre sequels and reboots?
What makes a good found-footage film?
Intruders (2016)
Question about The Forest for those who've seen it [spoilers I guess]
Has anyone watched Carver yet?
Movie that scared me to hell as a child, can't remember the name.
Looking for an indie horror film from 2015(6?)
Horror Show Hot Blog: Top 10 Movies We Watched in 2015
The Village; was it really a clunker, or was it just way ahead of its time?
Horror recommendations
What's your most anticipated horror film for this year?
Resident Evil 0 HD Remaster Speedrun Normal Mode 1:28:44 (World Record)
ERS, Ink. - Scream Factory Invites You to Attend Zombie High [Movies] [Horror] [Zombies]
10 Cloverfield Lane | Trailer
The Forest Review
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my lad
Tales From the Crypt Returning to TV
Psychedelia (2019)
Mituri si legende Fnaf|Investigam si sunam la pizzerie!
My New Meta Short Film, "True Horror"
This Is Horror interviews Erik Hofstatter
Micheal Myers from Robzombie tattoo by Paul Acker
DOCTERROR.COM: ITALIAN HORROR WEEK: The People VS. Friday the 13th or... BAVA SHOT FIRST!!! (Part III of III)
10 Terrifying Science Fiction Short Films
I'm looking for good horror movies for kids, anybody know any?
The Tag-Along (Taiwanese Horror), does anyone know where to find the video that inspired it?
Russian Sleep Experiment
Worst Horrors of 2016
What are some truly fascinating horror documentaries?
Must watch horror from the recent years?
It's Alive sequels
The Green Inferno Blu-Ray...
New Horror Podcast
Looking for title of a movie
Horror Show Hot Dog Reviews Bone Tomahawk!
Movies like Maniac (Remake - Elijah Wood)
Recommendations for religious horror/thriller movies? (list of the ones I have seen inside)
Final Destination TV Series?
I can't recall seeing a movie where they're not afraid to kill a child off. Does anyone have anything for me? Thank you!
Horror Review: Intruders (2015)
I just received The Dark Verse from Sharkchild's last giveaway! (Pics included)
Freddy Krueger's Underwear Party
Top 5 Surprises - These 5 Horror Movies Of 2016 Are Sure To Send Chills Down Your Spine
Dead Town | Official Teaser Trailer [HD] 2016
Sleepaway Camp Review
Phantasm star Angus Scrimm dies at 89
Not horror by definition, but Child of God is one of the most disturbing and horrifying movies I've seen.
Erik Hofstatter's Favorite Horror Film | 15secondhorror.ca
Scary Clock spider
THE GREEN INFERNO and Anti-Slacktivism
Looking At Some More Arrow (USA) Video Titles *January 2016*
Igor and the Lunatics - YouTube
Sam does like his candy
Same does like his candy
Movies like BORGMAN
Mystery slasher suggestions?
Horror movies like noroi?
Anyone else think Quentin Tarantino should make a horror movie?
Public Domain Stream &amp; Hosted Horror Stream Friday Night
Is "Unfriended" worth seeing?
Neverending Halloween
Netflix Developing Three New Horror Films for Streaming Service
Best Horror Movie Trailers Of The Week!
Female Creature from the Black Lagoon
Unfriended redefines art direction for the webcam era
The Chickening (2016)
Has anyone played any games that are focused around EVP? Decided to give Sylvio 2 a go with a friend and was pleasantly surprised
Tradition Continues: Freddy's Glove Spotted in Ash vs. Evil Dead
8 Scary Scenes in Non-Horror Movies That Will Keep You Up at Night
Took a cool shot of my neca Leatherface figure
Turbo Kid is on (US) Netflix!!
One of those "Which Horror Movie is This?" posts.
why does everyone like the movie housebound ?
WHEN CALAMITY SCREAMS RENTOKIL
Which Horror Movie "Classics" Have You Not Seen?
Exter (warning spoilers)
Best horror experiences i can have right now?
Day of the Triffids (1963) My first viewing...
Are there any wise-ass monsters besides Freddy, Chucky and the Deadites?
What is a horror film - where do you draw the line?
FYI: Bone Tomahawk is on Amazon Prime Video
Outside of 'It Follows' were there any other great horror soundtracks or individual songs?
A horror movie I can't remember
OFP Netflix Nugget: Week of January 25th - Contracted
Preview for new Swedish horror film, Sensoria
Your favorite suspenseful/tension filled thrillers?
[Horror reading] "The Oneirophage" by S.W. Rice
Check Out The Trailer, Poster &amp; Images For SERIAL KALLER
The Movie Waffler's recaps of all 10 episodes of ASH VS EVIL DEAD
Horror Tattoo work by Artem Pelipenko
Which horror movie would you reboot?
DISTRAINT is a modern psychological horror adventure game about moral and greed.
Any suggestions for horrorfilms taking place in desolate American places?
