Indians and online polling
Should a CM of one state travel to another to participate in protest or show of support?
My mother in law received instructions to call a number that I have triangulated to be part of the Tata Docomo service plan.
Watched Airlift. Definitely a must watch movie.
A question of a legal nature..also food for thought.
The Problem &amp; Solution Thread! [Day 01/Week 01]
Random Daily Discussion MORNING thread for 20/01/2016 [NP]
Help on Textile information.
[NP] Passport Renewal and Travel Clearance query
An unemployed weekend...as an employed husband.
Have you seen any Ranchos in your life???
I have this Quora feel these days on [r]/india
[NP] The elderly couple in my train.
Guy filling air at petrol pump making a mimium Rs500 as Tip daily??
How the fuck can i improve my English writing skills?
Rock climbing in Delhi [AskIndia]
Which ac brand is better? Voltas or LG ?
Announcement: Cultural Exchange with /r/France. Jan 26th 1630 IST, 1200 CET
I want to host an Indian porn site...
CMV: Narendra Modi is the Kalki incarnation of Lord Vishnu.
Guys what is your opinion about the Fb page 'The logical indian' and 'Being indian' ?
[P] Why the Austrian police chief is talking like Khap Panchayat?
Centre may not allow Google Street View
Digital payments set to take off this year: TRAI chief
China to promote Haryana as ideal investment destination: Song Tao, minister
Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali making Colgate and Unilever sweat
Is Pathankot Doval’s second Kandahar?
"If food is so scarce, then why hasn't Gandhi died yet?" - Churchill
Shirdi's shocking face! Sick man taken to hospital in garbage dumping van
Netaji Files: The real story behind Nehru's letter calling Subhash Chandra Bose a ‘war criminal’ [p]
‘Aligarh’ latest victim of Censor diktat?
Rape suspect lynched in Jharkhand village
Redditors who have traveled to or lived in other states, what was the biggest "culture shock" you experienced.
In Rohith Vemula's Suicide Note, A Scratched Paragraph Raises Questions
Airlift Movie Review: High on Drama
PM Narendra Modi Amazing Speech About Our Country | Karanataka CM Siddir...
Rajat Kapoor glad about first film’s resurrection Rajat Kapoor is happy that his yet unreleased project “Private Detective: Two Plus Two Plus One” -- his first film as a director .
Ex-CAG Vinod Rai named for Padma Bhushan
The CM’s name:BJP’s announcement of a chief ministerial candidate in Assam represents a strategic rethink. It could also be an oppo[r]tunity
Rahul Gandhi Attacks Government Over Net Neutrality Issue
Sunanda did not have lupus as Shashi claimed
Govt mobilises 900 kg gold under monetisation scheme
Haryana: Five ex-legislators booked in change of land use scam
KHANsequences of Intolerance Remark
Railway broadband to touch 500,000 homes in Digital India within 2 years
Uttar Pradesh govt transfers 80 IPS officers
Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad blocks 94 websites linked to ISIS
Buy Corporate Gifts Online - Card Holder Pen Keychains
IIT-Madras student embarks on Himalayan journey to attain sainthood, goes missing : News
Daily Current Affairs Quiz for Banking, UPSC, SSC etc.
Tata Power scraps deal to acquire power project in Maharashtra
Coldplay - Hymn For The Weekend (Official video)
'Aligarh' Controversy Cheap Publicity Stunt by Mehta: CBFC Chief Nihalani
Swamy calls Hyderabad University protest "drama", compares protesters with "running dogs"
Aamir Wont Leave India, Says Shouldnt Have Shared Private Conversation
Danger Zone Movie Trailer | Kannada Latest Movie Trailers | Romantic Mov...
This video about farmer suicides is really quite a strong visual. [P]
Subramanian Swamy can rightfully be called the terminator of corruption
Arunachal Pradesh crisis: Supreme Court to hear Congress petition against President's Rule
70 per cent of urban India’s sewage is untreated
Take a load of the comments about India from /r/twoXchromosomes (Be nice boys and girls, no stooping to their level)
The Netaji Files: Nehru sought aid for Bose's widow
Welcome to the party !
Rescued Indian Dog ‘Rupee’ — the First Dog to Climb Mount Everest Base Camp [np]
Little Krishna Fighting | Kids Special Songs With Lyrics | Little Krishn...
YSR Congress MP Mithun Reddy arrested for assaulting AI official
Apply Online for UPSC IES/ ISS Examination 2016
Rupee slide good for India; RBI should let it depreciate for helping exports: ASSOCHAM
Learn squaring in easy method from Indian school teacher
The unknown 1975 Pak-India War | Everyone knows about the 1965 and 1971 wars between India and Pakistan. But only a handful of folk are aware of a unique war between the two countries which took place in 1975.
What Happens When Mother Cleans Your Room
Danger Zone Movie Trailer | Kannada Latest Movie Trailers | Romantic Mov...
Danger Zone Movie Trailer | Kannada Latest Movie Trailers | Romantic Mov...
Hey, I'm Chloe and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Wow! Kudos! Vodafone, on being fashionably late.
Whales fatally disoriented by sound, magnetism?
Flipkart Republic Day Sale 2016
'From shadows to the stars': Read the last words of suspended HCU Dalit scholar Rohith
Pankaj, the Honey Singh of praying mantises, is back
Karnataka Minister caught on camera boasting he got woman DySP transferred – she had put his call on hold (video)
Sanam Puri and his band . Bring yesteryear songs as magic to today's ears
Remembering Kaifi Azmi on his birth anniversary: Him reciting nazms at a mushairi
Jallikattu, rekla race help preserve native bull stock, say breeders - Times of India
SoftBank chief Masayoshi Son promises more money for Indian start-ups
PDF copy of the Start Up India action plan and definition of "Start Up" as per GOI
Poet Ashok Vajpeyi returns doctorate he got from Hyderabad Central University
দাউদ ইব্রাহিমের সহযোগীদের শেষ ঠিকানা (পর্ব-১)
Exclusive: India was tipped off on 25 Dec about #PathankotAttack. Even as Modi met Sharif
West Bengal constable shot dead during night patrolling : India, News
Facebook misleading Indians.... Taking India for a ride. An attempted murder of Net Neutrality
Dhoni named captain of new IPL team Rising Pune Supergiants for 2016 season
Prashant Tripathi: India and Tolerance
We Talk Saris In Parliament: Supriya Sule's Joke May Crash
ICMR panel clears ‘unsafe’ khesari dal banned in 1961 [NP]
Youngest IAS Officer quits job to train aspirants for free
Goa man ends three-year protest, shaves beard after Gadkari lays foundation stone for bridges. The man began his protest in 2012 when the BJP came to power in Goa. The bridges were needed to give respite from long distance travel to thousands of locals including students.
A Motivational Talk With Dr. KUMAR VISHWAS
To make organic love
Running dry of hope - Times of India
ARE YOU SCARED
Voctronica - Evolution of A. R. Rahman | #ARRevolution
Indian Army shows fire power at KK Ranges near Ahmednagar, under Armoured Corps Centre &amp; School (ACC&amp;S) and the Mechanised Infantry Regimental Centre (MIRC)
Nursery admissions: Delhi HC issues notice to govt, questions decision to end management quota
MS Dhoni TVS Star Advertisement 2016
Crop insurance scheme being planned by Centre: Rajnath Singh
CBSE Board releases Class 12 exams date sheet; check now
Netflix India Catalogue Only 7 Percent of What's Available in the US?
Kriti Kharbanda Latest Movie Songs | Fashion Show Video Songs | Bollywoo...
AP lets off 120 corrupt officials - Times of India
Narendra Modi out on PM and Pakistan [Old]
How to Start a Cattle Farm
Mahavastu Special Program with Ramesh Kamat | Kamat Vastuyogi In Garuda ...
TIL that the difference in average height among people of different Indian states is mainly due to nutrition and not genetics
My neighbourhood gets first batch of 'Make in India' fast food.
Kannadamovie.IN: Maduveya Mamatheya Kareyole Releasing on January 08th
A tale of two Interviews[p]
Peace process may get stalled if Pakistan's role confirmed
Case Booked Against Palak Of “Comedy Nights With Kapil”
How common are Bhabhi-devar intimate interactions in India ?
Pak Detains Maulana Masood Azhar After India Named JeM Chief 'Pathankot Attack Mastermind'
Heard of Enfield 600? [OLD]
Saudi Arabia says 47 executed on terror charges, including Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimrits
Left-ruled Tripura makes yoga must for students
Best Indian troll ever
Someone Special - Nonstop Love in Dance - Hindi remix song 2016 HD
If Modi becomes PM, Pak intruders won’t dare to cross border: Amit Shah [Old]
Erukkupo Hathukuni Veera Veera Song | Bahubali Movie Video Songs In HD |...
Private entities face CAG heat for Rs 2,700-cr tax anomalies - 560 high-value cases under scanner
Manipur earthquake: Strong quake strikes near Imphal in northeast India
India’s middle class is actually the world’s poor
Hindutva hypocrisy: Why is beef banned as food but bull torture allowed for sport?
'Amit Shah said we have to rule Kerala'
Hindus dismayed by T-shirt from Columbus company
TIL that in U.S colleges, you can graduate with a *cum laude*
Actor Anupam Kher gifts secure life to a Kashmiri pandit family
The Times of India will never be the same again. RIP Arindam
The Data Behind the Indian Constitution Has a Lot to Say
‘ISIS’ in India Vandalizes Gandhi Statue &amp; Promises Republic Day Attack
Pissed off Jallikattu bull
Cosmic Yoga Clip
[NP] Cow Slaughter and Communal Harmony In Ghalib's Delhi
What the Data Behind the Indian Constitution Says: The longest constitution in the world, only the 23rd constitution to be ratified, and more
Associated Journals Ltd changes structure of company to non-profit venture
A beautiful video about some of the biggest fans in India
Mozilla View on Zero-Rating (MAY 5, 2015) [NN]
HM Beats Students for Low Score in Bible
Headmaster Beaten, Banned from Madrasa for Asking Pupils to Sing National Anthem
The Indian Sikh #BeingIndian
Maulana Masood Azhar, 'mastermind' behind Pathankot terror attack, detained in Pakistan
This website helps you search and explore the Constituent Assembly Debates of India
What are randia's achievements?
A few years ago, Vinod Khosla made fun of those studying English literature at Stanford
Silent censorship in this sub
What are some easiest way to get upvoted on /r/India. What are some easiest way to get downvoted on /r/India?
Coming to Goa soon? Get 2 nights free in Calangute in Double Room with separate entrance
Krk got competetion
[Serious] How long is your di*k and how has your life been effected/affected due to the length?
Dear randia, why Indian ISP's have expensive dataplans?. when services like unlimited 3G/4G will become affortable for the middle-class?
Which is the best Indian news app for android?
Narendra Modi's announcements and #StartupIndia policy pointers
Sanam Puri -- really good
[P] why are live in couples and premarital sex looked down upon in India?
Do all Indian teens listen to bullshit music?
Why did the desi chicken cross the road?
Some Random Questions. Also, the Daily Sex Thread.
[Rant] How are these idiotic political parties able to manage obsessive segregation of the sexes, but not segregation of traffic on the roads? [AskIndia]
How News Laundry lied and tried to white wash communal and Jihadi mindset towards National Anthem.
Is there a male to female disproportion in India? My Indian coworker said there's less women in India and A LOT more men, so many men can't get married or can't find a bride, so he's going celibate. Or is that his way of signaling he's gay?
What are the things that can help save wedding costs at Indian weddings?
r/india Do you use hand held bidet or rim bidet?
[Serious] how useful would you find an app/website that alerts you to every law your state and central governments vote on?serious replies only
Where are the satirical cartoons, headlines ridiculing Modi's failures/inadequacies. Not talking about soft unreal times stuff. Where is the stingy material having the object of focus as Modi, not BJP or someone else.
Who is/was the dumbest Indian PM? [P]
Random Daily Discussion MORNING thread for 19/01/2016 [NP]
Random Daily Discussion EVENING thread for 23/01/2016 [NP]
AMA Announcement: 2 AMAs coming up. Feb 1: Kishalay Bhattacharjee, senior journalist and author, documentary filmmaker, former resident editor NDTV, chair internal security and senior fellow IDSA. Feb 4: Pawan Kumar, Director (Lucia &amp; others), actor and screenwriter in the Kannada film industry.
Single woman - want to be a parent(IVF / IUI) - Lawyers, doctors please help
Gas cylinder leaking from the nozzle, whom to contact ?
Random Daily Discussion EVENING thread for 20/01/2016 [NP]
To people who have ever asked for advice on /r/india or other subs: Has it ever helped?
Why does the Gandhi family have such a strong hold over power in the Congress party?
Random Daily Discussion MORNING thread for 13/01/2016 [NP]
What are some Swadeshi products you use everyday and found to be better than international brands?
Random Daily Discussion EVENING thread for 12/01/2016 [NP]
I keep hearing of the 'Great' places to work in India, but can you guys kindly recommend genuinely nice employers? I'm kind of...dying here.
Is there anything like Netflix but for just Indian movies?
अब विदेशों से सीधे विमान आ सकेंगे खजुराहो में
Someone sponsoring /r/IndiaMain ???
SC seeks govt reply on sacking of Governors
Coal Scam: Summons issued against BJP MLA Dilip Ray
Modi, Hollande visit: Nek Chand’s son ‘made to leave’ Rock Garden
Whale on Juhu beach: 5 reasons why sea creatures get washed ashore [np]
Kinder Joy Surprise Eggs | Surprise eggs Disney Egg Surprise Videos | Ch...
2013 Muzaffarnagar riots victim gang raped by three youths in UP
So where do hiring start-ups hire from?
Smart Cities: Regional balance ignored, says Nitish Kumar
Rajnikanth awarded Padma Vibhushan
Hyderabad University student Rohith Vemula felt unions failed him, hints his suicide letter
Thane Mental Hospital's Nigerian inmate finally sent back home after 8 years
The Same Pill That Costs $1,000 in America Sells for $4 in India
Ricky Movie Review &amp; Rating By Audience
Google, RailTel's Free Public Wi-Fi Service Launched at Mumbai Central
Godse was raised as a girl wearing nose ring - he would never stop asserting his masculinity in later life
You like to outrage? Learn from Kerala’s religious group ‘Dinkoism’ targeting actor Dileep
This is how you sell your mother's death as an excuse to abuse the PM you don't like and gain approval of Award Wapasi brigade. [p]
Virtual tour of Umain Bhavan Palace, Jodhpur.
How to Win Friends and Influence People: Podcast about coalitions with US and India and others [Funny][NP]
Hindu group observes Republic Day as ‘black day’
Sunny Leone And Vir Das Visited BuzzFeed India And Answered Your Questions
" Nannavala Haage " Madhura Swapna Movie Song | Latest Movie Madhura Swapna
PM Modi, Francois Hollande take metro to Gurgaon
New level in bilateral ties unlocked: Twitter guffaws at Modi and Hollande's Titanic moment
Why I Hate Vivekananda - 16 Castiest Quotes of Vivekananda
Rakhi Sawant threatens to dig a tunnel and enter Shani temple
" Pakistan was a well thought out geopolitical beachhead for Eurasian heartland/rimland games. " : someone please shed some light on this.
Saguva Galiyalli Song | Danger Zone Movie Songs Kannada Latest Movies S...
Vyapam whistleblower Chaturvedi: ‘I am virtually under house arrest’
Fashion Shows In Bangalore Orion Mall | Kruthi Karbandha Latest Movie Tr...
Nepal PM KP Sharma Oli invites Indian investors to boost economy
What does /r/India think about the migration crisis in EU?
Bagicha Singh, The 81 year old man has travelled 5,70,000 km
After High Court order on temple demolition, mob sets vehicle on fire in Bihar
Happy 67th Republic Day /r/india
TIL India is the second biggest user of Reddit
Bihar MLA helps husband flee from police station
Business problem solution Ph(+919041524886)
Four Indian youths ‘planning to join ISIS’ arrested in Syria. As many as 23 Indians, six of whom are dead, were suspected to be fighting alongside IS. The fresh arrests could take the count to 27.
What people want? Higher I-T slabs, exemption for interest
JEE Main 2016 exam info on eligibility, important dates, admit cards and exam pattern. '[Old]'
Everything you need to know about Start up India Stand up India program of Government of India
Dalit student suicide: Rahul Gandhi reaches Hyderabad University
Rahul Gandhi on solving rural power crisis.
RSS Patha Sanchalana In Malleswaram | Bangalore RSS Program Updates | Ka...
Protest over Dalit student's suicide in Hyderabad. What would HRD minister Smriti Irani do?
Kerala man sues Mammootty, soap brand; gets Rs 30,000 as it didn't make him fair
Manufacturers of Castings Excel In Prototyping India
India to Capture 10% of Global Medical Technology Market by 2025: Dr Harsh Vardhan, Minister for Science &amp; Technology, Government Of India
Pitfalls to avoid when you start investing early
Raveena Tandon Anti Media Viral Video : Record To Nahi Kar Raha
Trinamool has nothing to do with Kolkata hit-and-run case: Derek O'Brien
FreeCharge's New Feature Lets Users Order From McDonald’s Even When Offline
“I’m The Biggest Victim Of Intolerance”
Absent for years, government sacks 11 IRS officers
Aligarh Muslim University, Jamia Milia Islamia deny dalits, OBCs quotas, BJP says
Man offers finger at Tirupati as Sonia, Rahul get bail in Herald case
India and liberalization: There was a 1966 before 1991
Nitish Kumar keeps election promise, rolls out 35 percent reservation for women
ASI evidence proved demolition beyond doubt [np]
Sex, lies and smutphones
Amazon takes 30,000 sq ft on lease in Mumbai for corporate HQ
India to allow Pak probe team to visit [P]athankot
A.R. Rahman - MTV Unplugged Season 2 - Ye Jo Des
Iran sanctions lifted, India can import oil freely
L&amp;T, SBI, BHEL, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank at 52-week lows: Is there hope in 2016?
New bird species found in India, first in a decade
UPSC Jobs 2016 for Joint Director and Various Posts, upsc.gov.in
Start-ups and intolerance can't go together: Rahul Gandhi's dig at BJP
Small house design for small space
Modi-Hollande 'awkward' hug: What really happened
Indus valley Curry recipe from 4000 years ago.
32 days, 700 crores, zero corruption…why these numbers matter
Alan Rickman aka 'Snape' Dies at 69 - WorthStory
Amartya Sen praises Delhi govt for success of odd-even formula, seeks more such moves
India and the global spring of space commerce
Odd-even formula: When Justice Sikri forgot to wait for carpooling partner CJI TS Thakur!
Kinder Joy | Giant Kinder Joy Surprise Egg Made of Play-Doh | Chill Fact...
Homeopathy is bogus, harmful: Nobel laureate Venkatraman Ramakrishna [NP]
Sushasan or Jungle Raj? 578 murders reported in Bihar in just two months
Mumbai police goes bananas, literally: Thief force-fed 48 bananas to excrete stolen gold chain - Firstpost [NP]
[P]athankot attack aimed at probing Modi govt's red lines: C Christine Fair
Вся правда о проекте Startup-дача! Дмитрий Север оставил свой отзыв.
नौटंकी ए जहान - हिन्दुस्तान पाकिस्तान: Ravish Kumar on India Pakistan! (A gimmick macrocosm - India Pakistan)
Senior Teacher Grade 2 Exam 2015, 211 Vacancies application form apply online RPSC Exam 2015
TIL in 2010 West Bengal saw 425 fatalities due to Maoist violence but by 2012 the number of fatalities was down to 4.
Welcome to the National Women’s Football Championship, aka Another Chance to Treat India’s Best Footballers Like Crap
Government seeks ideas from public for Budget 2016-17
Police probe video on boy from Pune, check for ‘communal’ angle
Build a Memorial at Kalam's Burial Site #KalamMemorial
Three FDA officers under scanner for improper inquiry and shielding bogus doctors
Indian teenager hailed by Tendulkar after scoring 1009 not out | [NP]
[NP]Rajesh Vivek, Astrologer Guran From Lagaan, Dies of Heart Attack
She Tried To Kill Her Mother In Law With Rope and hitting her head with Stone.. Crime Has No Gender.
Odd-Even Scheme Starts in Delhi
Son Of An Autorickshaw Driver Becomes The First Player On The Planet To Hit 1000 Runs (Not Out**) - thynkfeed
Companies like McKinsey, HUL and Samsung skip campus placements, take PPO route to beat rush
Baburao Mastani
Odd-even formula: Jams up, challans down on Day 4
Tinder update: All you need to know for better user experience
India is dying under Arvind Kejriwal , Rahul Gandhi like Ministers and Some News Media
New ISP with no limits on data [No FUP] in Bangalore -- Any thoughts?
Top 15 Hindi Movies of 2015 - Video Countdown!
Russian priest deported from Chennai over tourist visa: Embassy condemns incident
A2Z Song Lyrics: Oru Kari Mukilinu- Charlie Malayalam Movie Song Lyrics
Meanwhile at Bakchodi Telegram group
Clovia Ladies Nightwear Collection
Mumbai to get 'world's first slum museum' - Times of India
Talks only if it takes action against perpetrators of Pathankot attack: India tells Pakistan
#BREAKING Indian consulate in Afghan city Mazar-i-Sharif attacked: Reports
List of holidays in 2016 in India
The Hindu Quran expert who is helping Pune ATS
World thinkers 2015: the results
Photos: Pathankot Terror Attack at Air Force Station
Media Savvy Modi or Modi Savvy Media?
Pic of the Sealink and Mumbai skyline I took this evening
Jesus! Now, RSS plans to launch a Christian outfit
A Retired Teacher Seeds Organic Farming in India
Chasing the “bandicoot”: All tactics, no strategy, &amp; a no change-regime (after Pathankot)
Netflix announces it's now live in 130 new countries including India and Russia [NP]
The anti-national agenda of foreign-funded NGOs
Governor Rajan seeks changes in work culture at RBI
85 major anti-Christian incidents in 2015, claims NGO - The Times of India
'Don't thrust the burqa upon us!'
India is misunderstood, gave spiritualism not communalism to world: PM Modi [P]
Call centres in Delhi Documentary [Old]
General V.K Singh Starred in a Bollywood Movie
Passport Seva Kendras To Open In Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland This Month
Pune: Teenager’s father alleges his son was burnt alive after he said he was Hindu
Is this how you campaign for civil polls in a metro city?
India escaped Ebola. Will India escape Zika ?
No Padma award for Martina Hingis: massive protests break out at Indian embassy in Switzerland
some hilarious jokes - daily.bhaskar.com
Drunk Girl Tries To Hijack An Uber and Destroys His Car! ( An Indo-american woman expressing her Indian (woman) traits )
Cold Claims Lives Of Homeless In Delhi; Pitch For 'Bigger' Shelters
Random Daily Discussion thread for Late Night Owls and Early Morning Worshipers - 30/01/2016
[REDIQUETTE] Indian freedom struggle and the impact of Gandhi viz-a-viz the revolutionaries ( Bhagat Singh, Azad, Netaji etc) ??
What have you sacrificed to reach where you are? Was it worth it?
Netflix will block proxy access to geo-blocked content affecting many users in India
J K CM Mufti Mohammad Sayeed Passes Away Mobile Site
Meshuggah - Bleed - Sitar Cover
How important is having a social life?
The Wantrepreneurs
India’s Manufacturing PMI at 15 Month Low, Contracts For the First Time Since Oct 2013
Why is Smiriti Irani minister of Human Resource Development? [P]
"Make In India” Moving at a Snails Pace
क्या शहादत के सम्मान का यही तरीका है ?
[NP] Sexiest and fittest Indian fitness models!
First big launch 2016 - Asus Zenfone Max
India's famous card game 29/28 on Android: 29 card game live!
Create And Run Successful E-commerce Business With GainStores E-commerce Platform.
Tired of repeated apathy from national media, manipur turn into AK style
[NP] Films - Shelf Life 3 Days, Status Flop, Corporate Returns 100 Crores.
Do we have to pay tax if we use Netflix since payment is done to non-Indian entity? Please refer link for more details
Is it wrong to discuss ?
Gunmen attack Indian air base near Pakistan border, six dead
Twitter reacts as India beat Afghanistan 2-1 in the SAFF Cup final
We took part in a cover competition, this guy is talented as hell and we took covers to a whole new level.. (Wait for it..)
Planning on going to North-india in two years, does anyone has tips?
What would happen if Mamata was assassinated.
India's exports from 2014 till now compared with China's exports from 2014 till now
Any idea why this post was locked?
Help me get out this country
The letter Rohith Vemula wrote before committing suicide.
Can anyone suggest a good laptop under 30K?
You may not believe it, but there IS an ISIS within India
Honest question about upper caste people.
[R] where can I get laid with high class models or escorts ?
Does Bhang get you the same high as weed?
Katiyabaaz of Kanpur : Watch this Aljazeera Documentary about electricity problem in Kanpur.
Suggestions for Private beach resorts/hotels in Pondicherry
What does r/india think of upcoming Reliance Jio ?
[Askindia] Does anyone listen to man ki baat here?
[Ask India] There should a Swachh Bharat fine for large scale littering.
[AskIndia] It's been almost 16 months since the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan was started. How effective has it been? Have you noticed any change whatsoever? What can we do? [Serious]
How to find a fuck buddy? FWB? [SERIOUS]
Web Development cost? Freelancer?
IRCTC is charging transaction charges by the consumer which should be incurred by them,What can we do to stop this
PPF, NSC rate cut-I am pissed off!
Why don't South Indian women wear makeup?
TIL Bollywood has double the viewership across the world compared to hollywood
The Problem &amp; Solution Thread! [21/1/2016]
Passing away of Mufti Sahab is a great tragedy for all, may his soul rest in peace and deepest condolences to the bereaved family.
Need some help buying packaged food from Delhi
I have created a simple survey to make a list of best Bollywood movies. Please consider filling it.
Hey guys I am planning to be a host family and I was just wondering if there are residential indians that are studying in college right now in NY, Long island/queens and commute, that would be interested in living and renting out a room in our house?
My take on the Pathankot incident. Conspiracy theory
What happens when I buy second hand electrical from olx/quickr and gets repaired within a week?
/r/India, let us start compiling the list of flawed arguments in favour of (or against) differential pricing as seen in the responses sent to TRAI, especially the ones from the industry by associations, TSPs, ISPs, and CSPs.
Oh.. I get it now!
Why do TV Channels cover so extensively about the family's of Soldiers and harass them for News
[AskRandians] Looking at cases of BSF officers facilitating the illegal arms and narcotics trade, what should be the punishment for such heinous acts?
There is more to life than increasing its speed - Mahatma Gandhi, most popular quotes
How Facebook’s Plan To Give The World Free Mobile Internet Went So Wrong
r/india traffic stats!
Latest Movies In HD | HATHYA Telugu Movie | Telugu Full Length Suspense...
Coldplay’s Hymn For The Weekend: We Blinked And Missed Sonam
Little Krishna Videos | Funny Videos Of Krishna
Dating Service For Sex! ) Find Your Love for sex! my atst
Courage under pressure: Women constables foil man’s bid to shoot woman
[NP] Want to sell refurbished iPhones, Apple tells govt.
What was 'Monkey-Man' exactly?
Essar Oil will not trade on NSE from February 10
Best Content writing services in India
Spending some memorable days while touring the historic city of Mysore
[BALTITHOUGHT] If you think about it, with FUP you are paying whatever you are for the post FUP speed. The first few fast GBs are just incentive.
Khel Khel Mein - Wazir (great tune, give it a listen)
TIL the railway station at Gorakhpur, U.P. has the world's longest railway platform with a stretch of around 1.35 kilometres [NP]
Caption Time : Modi toasts with French president Francois Hollande [NP]
[NP] India has the worlds fastest missile in development with a speed of a whopping Mach 7.
எழுந்திரு...அவர் சமுகத்திற்கு தீவிரி (Rise up...Urge to HIS Presence)
Communal strife may force feted MP artists to shift to US
Overcoming chequered history, India and France finally sign Rafale agreement
So I came across this on the street. Don't know if legit. Mumbai btw
Now, farmers return awards to protest continuing farmer suicides in Maharashtra - Firstpost
Radha Madhu Telugu TV Serial Song Lyrics
Nadan Beef Curry | Kerala Recipe | RecipesAreSimple
India Preps RISC-V Processors
Akhilesh Yadav launches call centre for journalists in UP
In 3 months, Delhi govt to accept RTI applications online
PUTANNA Kannada Latest Movie | Komal Kumar Priyamani New Horror Comedy K...
The Times of India will never be the same again. RIP Arindam
Veera Ranachandi Trailer And Songs
Rupee Hits 68/Dollar as Sensex Tanks: 10 Developments[NP]
9 Hilarious Reactions of Boys When A New Girl Enters College
India showcases military prowess on 67th Republic Day parade
[P] Infosys appoints Punita Sinha, State Union Minister's wife, as director; faces flack
New rules to protect those who aid accident victims - Times of India
Top 3 upcoming cars in 2016
Rabri Devi lashes out at RSS leaders for wearing half-pants
JeM chief Masood Azhar not arrested or under house arrest: Intel inputs
From Republic Day 2015 to Republic Day 2016, Modi's slow descent
Rahul Yadav haunts Housing.com again as employees threaten action over phantom stocks gifted by him
Girl abducted outside JNU, raped by 3 youths
Modern Home Interior Design
A short hike near Kabbledurga, Bengaluru.
Selling tobacco to children can land you into jail for 7 years
A Krazy Mug Nimbu Mirchi Set (Kettle , two glasses, Tray ,Cookie Plate)
[NP] Building a football community in a cricket-crazy country
BEST PHONES UNDER 10000 RS IN INDIA 2016
Little Krishna Short Movie Fight
Significance of Varmala in Indian Weddings
Raghuram Rajan’s no-bullshit letter on how India’s central bank must get in shape
Actor, award aur atyachaar, writes Sarita Tanwar
Born Global: How These Indian SaaS Startups Are Scripting Their Success Stories Beyond Boundaries
Wayanad Hotels
Kolkata hit-and-run: Sambia Sohrab arrested after 4 days on the run - Times of India
Beware it might be your LAST SELFIE
A new generation takes up arms in Kashmir [R]
Gadkari's Purti group gets murkier: driver is director of six companies [P] [Old]
AP Partnership Summit: MoUs worth Rs 1.5 lakh cr in engery sector to be signed with AP [NP]
Auto Expo: Six cars to keep eyes peeled for
Bollywood screenwriter hustled out of theatre for not standing for the national anthem
No India-Pak FS talks tomorrow, Islamabad not aware of Masood’s arrest
'BJP slapping false cases on Congress leaders to hide its failure'
10 Funny Things That Happen When A Desi Tries To Speak English
TIL Obama carries a small hanuman statue in his pocket at all times.
Dear Leader Oli going to India first :: परराष्ट्रमन्त्री थापाको घोषणा : प्रधानमन्त्रीको पहिलो भ्रमण भारत नै
Thief fed 48 bananas to excrete stolen gold chain!
Prisoner attempts to escape jail through the toilet - and it's not a pretty sight Prisoner Attempts to Escape Jail Through the Toilet - and it's Not a Pretty Sight [VIDEO]!
Net Neutrality debate: Will India end up going the way of the US?
Jallikattu, Bull-Fighting Sport Of Tamil Nadu, Put On Hold By Supreme Court
If Nehra can make a comeback at 36, I am only 31: Irfan Pathan
Tax on seed funding to be scrapped
US police officer acquitted in Indian grandfather assault case
Inventor of low cost sanitary pads awarded Padma Shri
Free Basics is like demanding dictatorship in the region of democracy. Rightly said.
$1/ mo Hosting + Free domain coupon from Galaxy Coupon
Jallikattu, Bull-Fighting Sport Of Tamil Nadu, Put On Hold By Supreme Court
20 Small Bedroom Decorating Ideas with Design
Maharashtra ATS probing why ISIS suspect visited Panvel near Mumbai
Hema Malini given 2,000 square metre plot in Oshiwara in Andheri for just Rs 70,000
Pathankot terror attack: Jihadis made dry runs at Pakistani air base, intelligence sources say - Times of India
India firearms charge ex- british soldiers sent to jail
2 ill kids need help in Uganda / Heart Surgery in India
I hope Hike Messenger will over take Whatsapp one day! 100 Million Users! Amazing Achievement! Made in India...
Localbanya has bolted, say staffers; owners deny claims
Why lakhs of Indians celebrate the British victory over the Maratha Peshwas every New Year
Years later, Slumdog child stars Rubina and Azhar still have a lifeline [NP]
Potatoes, tomatoes growing on same plants in Haryana
Kriti Kharbanda Latest Movie Songs | Fashion Show Video Songs | Bollywoo...
Free Facebook Reliance Rally JK Circle
Answering Muslims: Was Muhammad a Pedophile? Yes
उत्तर प्रदेश के प्राइमरी स्कुलो मे क्या होता है आप खुद देख ले ।
Does anyone know when Chromecast 2.0 (2015) is going to get launched in India?
Terrorists should practise yoga: Rajnath Singh [June 2015]
Saving taxes in 2016 is your priority? MFs tax plans might be the option for you
Woven Wire Cloth Manufacturer, Wire Mesh Supplier – RajFilters
If this post gets 50+ points, all subscribers of this sub will get a month of Reddit Gold from /r/India modiretars
Responses from Star India Pvt. Ltd. to TRAI consultation paper on differential pricing. [NetNeutrality]
Abhi wants to start a new startup and is looking for a co-founder
Delhi people,how much are people following odd-even rule?
Core sector shrinks 1.3%, dragged down by sharp decline in steel production
Kidnapped IB officer, merchant's bodies found in Meghalaya - Times of India
Kannadamovie.IN: Bullet Prakash To Remake Poojai With Darshan &amp; Loose Mada Yogesh!
The alarming increase in caesarean births in India
Ram Temple to be built after consensus: RSS' Muslim outreach wing
Sonia should fulfil Rajiv’s wish for Ram temple: VHP
How to report issue with uber trip via Fare Review? | Uber Promo Code
Hotels in Haridwar
Communal tension prevails in Malda after protest turns violent
What the fuck i have found-lol
How to Start Fish Farming Business: Pond Management
Advocate Mohan Given a Good Awerence Of Court and The Cases With Garuda ...
پاکستان پٹھان کوٹ حملے کے ذمہ داران کے خلاف کارروائی کرے، بھارت
No rogue strike, all hands point to Pakistani military
Delhi's odd-even rule: Hero Electric to give free e-bike ride for commuters
Video: Watch Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev lecture on Kamasutra - for ancient Indians it was not pornography
Mamata has created a Frankenstein monster with her Muslim appeasement politics, says Taslima Nasreen
A2Z Song Lyrics: Maayaa Maayaa- Aranmanai 2 Tamil Song Lyrics
7 tough problems of a first-time entrepreneur | CyberScylla |
Net neutrality explained, once and for all - Video [NP]
Indian Shias outraged at the execution of Saudi cleric Sheikh Nimr, call for nationwide protest
Poop falls from plane, woman on ground injured in MP
When Einstein Met Tagore: A Remarkable Meeting of Minds on the Edge of Science and Spirituality
The strange silence surrounding an Indian military exercise
Arvind Kejriwal most hated Indian; Rahul Gandhi, Aamir Khan, Arnab Goswami feature in Goonj Most Hated Indian list
Man tonsured, paraded for ‘converting 3, feeding beef’ [P]
India Invents the 10-Second Loan: Indian banks are rushing to lend to the country’s middle class, making it easier for people to buy appliances, phones and motorbikes
Who designed this subreddit's logo. And does it lacks diversity ?
My friends and I did a Kanyakumari to Kashmir bike road trip. Here's the 3 minute video.
Isn’t It Time For Left Historians To Apologise To The Nation For Their Dishonesty?
Facebook's Free Basics: A high profile sham? :: Smart Critique
Are Brahmins today’s Dalits in India?
