I feel like I have seen everything
What do you appreciate and enjoy from others?
Have any INTP here have learned how to cook?
Socially incompetent/stupid
Any other INTPs really good at damage control?
Finishing that "last part" of a project/assignment. How do you do it?
Procrastination
ENTP here, currently feeling epic levels of appreciation for my INTP soul sista (in fact, all INTP's)...you complete me Katie! &lt;3
Do any of you have learning disabilities?
Frustrated about my future
The ultimate INTP hack (Mindfulness)
Have you become more disillusioned with humanity the longer you've been alive or less? Why? What was the moment that changed things for you?
What's something you "get" but you feel like most of the world just never will. Is that a good thing? If not, why?
치즈인더트랩 160125 토렌.트 torrent 720p Full 치즈인더트랩 160125 토렌.트 다시보기 160125
Can INTPs climb the corporate ladder? And if they can, should they, or will it make them miserable by default?
Anxiety about existing and life.
I feel braindead, and I've been in a period of thoughtlessness for a while now.
INTPs and Enneagram Types
Meditation vs "The Zone"
Have you ever been hypnotized?
Self vs. World
영화 구스범스 토렌.트 HDTV.XviD-WITH torrent 다시보기
I am an INFJ male in need of some advice of an INTP female that I have grown attached to
Am I an INTJ or INTP?
Look for acceptance not love, it work out perfectly for me!!!!!
Anyone played Undertale? (Genocide Route spoiler)
Anybody else thinks that Trance is the ultimate INTP music genre?
Working overseas
Ever treat inanimate objects like people and people like inanimate objects sometimes?
[Hip-Hop] A fitting song for INTPs: Oliver Hart (Eyedea) - Weird Side
Have you become less disillusioned with humanity the longer you've been alive or less? Why? What was the moment that changed things for you?
Messages I get from my roommate at 4am:
i have deleted about 98% of every post i have made here.
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:ldnanttsaaaoagdt
[Sharing random things] Is this video game in real life? Need more pew pew.
any buff intp's out there?
I love getting trashed.
I’m an INTP and I…
I got high for the first time.
[INTP] My name is Caitlin! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Found this, looks like y'all need this
I wish people I ask "how are you?" actually wanted to give an honest answer, and not just "good."
Have you ever thought about this?
19 years old INTP absolutely unsure about what course of study to choose. I feel like I've no interest in anything... Any ideas?
What personality type is your pot dealer?
I hate talking in absolutes, but often find myself doing it quite frequently. How do you alleviate this? #INTP_problems
DAE: When reading books
When I meet another INTP I always feel like, "You all are clones of me."
Socially-induced paranoia as a result of percieved apathy?
Stanford undergrad admissions interview
How do you feel about INFJs?
PSA: Stop Giving a Flying Fuck about anything or anyone
INTP tired of living in a sensor family
Help me figure out if I'm INTP or ISTP
Any socially inclined INTPs mistype as ENTP?
Anyone else thought as as stupid?
Can you identify her ennegram?
I'm so fucking lonely, I have nothing but what I make out of this moment.
Am i even a INTP?
What is your most recent Wikipedia/Google wormhole?
How can INTP keep calm
Inferior Fe and its Manifestation
Help me help this INTP guy that I like?
Can you be truly moral without first being knowledgeable?
reddit seems to be filled with a lot more INTP's and INFJ's than in the general population as a %
My odd dream job.
Does MBTI foster megalomania?
He might be an INTP
Has anyone seen this film? Your thoughts?
Asking for advise: Pushing people away
What percentage of your free time do you spend alone?
What is a book that you have read that had a legitimately major impact on your life?
The Ultimate INTP Anthem Album - TwentyOne Pilots; Blurryface
Is the INFP sub-reddit Hell?
Boosting your intelligence
What is the most creative things or activities you have done ?
ENTJ trying to date an INTP (problems)
When you find a new obsession...
This is the first time I relate so well to such a simple explanation of INTP
So vs Se; living with the ENTJ roommate
Has anyone seen Bojack Horseman? Would you type Bojack as an INTP?
Any INTPs who are/were into the occult?
How do you get anything done on the internet?
Anyone else mistaken for being stupid?
How does B12 affect you?
Tips for finding new inspiring people?
Where do we start?
New Year's Resolution Accountability Thread
Biggest Site Online! ) Find Your Love to night! my lata
Recently completed my first short film about an INTP at a party. Thought you guys might like it.
Came up on Facebook. I thought I would adapt it to fit INTPs.
The “innocence of becoming”: Nietzsche, Whitehead, and Nihilism as a Pathological Transitional Stage...
Any other INTP working in the music industry or something similar?
I asked a friend on a date. Surprisingly went well
I'm doing jury service in the UK starting next week and I was wondering if any other INTPs have some insight into what to expect.
I just discovered I'm an INTP and, later, this subreddit. Everything feels SO strange right now.
Is anyone else here pretty chill?
Any INTP personality types struggle with finances?
Help me decipher this weird story!?
If I were an ENTJ I could do so much for this world
No strings attached memories.
Why do you think your a INTP not ENTP?
A method of understanding Ti and Te
What do you want to be when you grow up?
How to be decisive
Is Myers Briggs a Pseudoscience?
motivation please
Hopefully my last "Why I feel this way post."
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Article doesn't mention INTPs - but who here can't relate?
Stages of Creativity: saturation, incubation, illumination, and verification.
Learn something you've always meant to - Morse Code
Existentialism and Human Development
The Witness might be the most INTP game ever created. Go play it.
Being a nice person or not.
I'm beginning to think humanity should not be trusted to govern itself...
DAE here have serious difficulties with routine tasks like cleaning the house and paying bills?
I have a question about Ne
"why don't you smile" what's your answer?
How would you describe inferior Fe to someone who doesn't know about MBTI?
What do you think about thinking about things?
What does INTP *Really* stand for?
Scalability Vs. Creativity.
Running out of friends.
Advice, I guess? Or someone to psychoanalyze me please. Am I INTP?
Programming in INTP terms
A couple thread Ideas.
Calculated Sarcasm
I can't tell when an INTP is lying
Landmark Forum
Measure of a man...
INTPs : What is something you really appreciate (or wish), an SO does(or understand) for you?
I used to want to be an investment banker. Now that I know I am an INTP, that seems like a horrible choice.
What does INTJ *Really* stand for?
Where do you see yourself on this chart? (Where would you like to be?)
INTPS are analytical machines
I'm high as shit right now and I can't think of anyone better to recommend some blow your mind space shit than this sub. Can you help me out guys and gals with knowledge of that realm of reality.
Developing Fe; Learning to see beyond logical compositions in small talk. (ASOIAF/Game of thrones scene analysis. Spoiler Alert: Seasons I &amp; II)
Are you good at banter/smack talking? Any tips?
I'm living in INTP hell
Come join our xxTP MBTI Chat!
Most compatible with ENFP
My INTPeers, what podcasts do you listen to?
How do INTPs feel about the market plunge this year?
Philosopher types
Was school a high source of stress for you?
Returning to post-secondary. Another life crisis.
Being structured and more organized. How do you do it as an INTP?
An everyday struggle [x-post /r/funny]
Interesting conversation with my INTJ friend.
50 Quotes That Every INTP Will Instantly Relate To
You INTP's think you're so cleva...
(한글자막) 히어로즈 시즌5 13화 토렌.트 즐감' (한글자막) 히어로즈 시즌5 13화 토렌.트 즐감' ssbdea
Anyone here at Passion in ATL infinite energy arena?
Need help understanding INTP rationalization
Intensely Uncomfortable with Being Open
INTP superpowers
INTP Web Developers how do you like your career path?
Should INTPs try to climb the corporate ladder or will it make them miserable by default?
The Joy of a Never-Ending Search for Hobbies - The Atlantic
I think in a relationship the more i gain from something the more i'm self destructive towards the relationship.
Intelligent but not mentally agile.
Weird tics and compulsions when stressed?
I really like people.
What is something you don't understand about people?
I'm Moving To Spain!
Site Likelly Containzzz Sexually Explicit Phootos Of Someone You-Know1 khm..aso
I'm not sure if I'll ever find someone who's consistently worth talking to.
DAE: When reading books
An Article I'm Reading for School, a Document Countering. xNFJ/xNTP conflict?
Why are we, the emotionaly detatched, the robots?
Elliot Rodger what mbti type?
Are there any other INTPs that are nocturnal?
How do you think INTP's would do as film directors?
INTP in the real world; ENTP online
ESFJ parents anyone?
I wish people I ask "how are you?" actually wanted to give an honest answer, and not just "good."
I'm a drafter and I wan to beat architects.
Procrastinating easy work
Maintaining habits &amp; routines
What beliefs or patterns (in culture or on reddit) do you feel are notably flawed?
Jordan Schlansky - INTP?
8 Intelligences: Are You a Jack of All Trades or a Master of One? With Howard Gardner.
The Subway Walls: A Handy Guide to Dealing With an INTP
light sleeping and pop culture.
Do you get overly upset when things break and you can't immediately fix them?
INTP's dealing with depression.
Least favorite question from SO?
What superpower do you think would fit the INTP best?
How do you feel about ENTPs? Turn-ons, turn-offs about them?
rant: religion and ideology
Sorry for my absence...
[INTP] Free all night, I want to have fun I do not mind to join?
INTPs versus INTJs. Is this pic accurate? Discuss!
Stuck in analytical mode.
Deciding on a college.
Getting the courage to make a post.
How can an INTP tell when they like someone romantically?
HELP! I'm going to a wedding in a month. I only know one person who's attending: the bride. How do I survive this?
Do you also read old textbooks?
Drunk INTP 'right now'. Pluck my feathers if you want.
What the fuck should I be doing with my life? All Bullshit aside...
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
Improving Fe: Learning to see beyond the logical meaning of words (GoT talk scene analysis; nobody dies, no spoilers).
INTP and borderline personality disorder
"Why are you so quiet" - your answer?
How does everyone on here find balance between life, socializing, and hobbies?
Being a Perceiver is so useless
Just realizing I might be INTP....how do I DO stuff? Instead of constantly having so many things to do.
Crippling anger outburst
Pushing people to their limits.
"Write down any hobbies or activities that you do..."
An INTP encounters various other types (As told by Monty Python's Argument Clinic Sketch)
Thiss Site Lik1ely Contains Sexuually Expliicit Photos Of Someeone You Know! khm..ggog
This is a small glimpse of our mind everyday...
DAE hate INTJs?
I'm a bit annoyed that people believe my lack of response (at a rate which they find sufficient) is an indicator of lack of interest.
Fuck. I messed up.
Do most millennials believe that being rich = evil?
Do you know any obscure yet insightful books?
New Years Resolution
Does anyone else have a problem with retaining information for a long period of time? If not, what are the methods you use to retain information well?
What makes you different from other INTPs?
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my nnsd
DAE think Tobi from Naruto is an INTP?
Do you have other INTPs in your family?
I'm 27 and I'm a late bloomer. Wishing I bloomed earlier.
Taking the SAT
When INTPs aren't INTPs
I feel like I should be better at chess but I get bored too easily. Is this typical?
How to annoy the crap out of an INTP
/r/INTP CSS idea??? Just bored and decided to make a little something.
How can I stop thinking my life is over whenever I miss an assignment/don't ace a test?
50 Quotes That Every INTP Will Instantly Relate to
If you use f.lux on your pc, but don't have anything for your phone. Here's "Twilight". (Android)
Have any INTPs here experienced/ experience being sexually attracted / aroused by oneself?
Is it just me or, does it really get to you when someone asks you to do something when you already were going to do it.
Do people find you hard to read?
What are some good free software/tools to jot down ideas?
Fame and Recogntion
How well do you sleep at night?
DAE eat food? Is this an INTP trait?
The computer that mastered Go. Google DeepMind program achieves pro human level performance on ancient game.
Disneyland ain't the only place where dreams come true....
As an INTP male, how do I even find an ENTJ or INFJ female partner, give both are rare types?
9/11 have you researched it? What was your conclusion?
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [INTP]
조선마술사 토렌.트 HDTV.XviD-WITH torrent 다시보기
98% Perceiving = no motivation or goals ever
Lets all just fucking relate for a moment please?
How to you meet practical goals?
What's your occupation/career and are you satisfied with your choice.
INTP Weekly Thread #2016-04
Any INTP's with Bipolar?
INTP Weekly Thread #2016-03
more or less unconvinced that i'll find the one
how was your newyears eve party ??
Short Film Ideas
Existential Post: Reality is about perception
I wish people who ask "how are you?" actually wanted to hear an honest answer, and not just "good."
INTJ female interested in INTP male
A song for INTPs: Oliver Hart (Eyedea) - Weird Side [Hip-Hop]
It's 3 am again and I'm not stressed.
We hate slogans but love proverbs.
Am I an INTP or ISTP?
Just a curios observation and a question.
Why are a Liberal?
Who else was not always an INTP and what caused your change?
INTPs vs Control
ENTP here, How does one find INTPs in real life? I only found them on the internet and they live billions of fucking miles away from me.....CAN I LURE THEM WITH BOOKS AND SHIT AND FUCKING BAGELS OF SOME SHIT. WHERE ARE YALL IN THE WILDERNESS????
Reading Jung's Introverted Thinking type
what supplements do you guy take and how does it affect your?
If you use f.lux on your pc, but don't have anything for your phone. Here's "CF.lumen". (Android, it actually changes color temperature rather than just applying a red tint)
Feeling conflicted after posting a photo on facebook
Does anyone feel like a burden to others?
DAE randomly experience extreme fits of self loathing?
I've Reached A New Level of Charisma
INTPs and a lack of emotional intelligence
Industrial/Product Design
Question about the ti si loop
Someone said that INTP personality describes me perfectly.
Magic: The Gathering. What color?
Activities or projects that INTP should do
Disadvantages to effort/trying?
Want to be better than everybody else.
INTP women, do you have a preference for hanging out with men or women?
Dating/friendship strategy
Societal Norms that I Do Not Believe Make Sense
I am a blank slab.
ISTJ are just as bad as ESTJ
I think I have figured out why INTP score the lowest percentile out of all the MBTI types.
What do you think about this episode of comedian in cars getting coffee?
Inability to sleep
Is knowing your mbti type doing more harm than good?
So I used to use macs now I hijacked my 12 year sister's old lenovo think pad and I am like wow where can I get one of these?
Confession. (Boring one)
How was your social life as a teen?
Musical INTPs - DAE
I think I've found a way to logically explain the depression in INTPs and INFPs.
Anyone else turned the clock?
You are the devil
Embrace your ENTJ shadow, don't ignore it ( this genuinely cleared up so much for me)
Do you have a tendency to be a rule-breaker?
Anybody familiar with visa issues?
Tai Lopez INTP or great actor?
Best MBTI test yet
How do you guys overcome apathy?
Do you think gender affects personality?
What to do when your INTP friends shut you off and you are a wreck because they are the ying to your yang?
student loans/debt - overwhelming?
ENTJ-INTP Breakup... Analysis?
Festivals, concerts, clubbing, and bars
How do you become more social and extroverted?
What angers you the most?
MBTI® How Judgers and Perceivers Approach Goals, Interesting, but bad video quality
What's her enneagram?
[xpost] How to stop being boring
Moment Relationships/Conversations.
Anybody here play Life is Strange?
Tired of loosing shit
Repressing vs. Stages of Grief
Have you ever been bitter about the nature of a given piece of knowledge you looked after because it contradicts your values?
The things I'm passionate about are unattractive to most women so I'm looking to expand my horizon. What are some things that I should try?
Struggling to show my working in math...
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my aad
Life of INTP in short.
MBTI or Jungian Cognitive Functions book recommendations?
INTP male, interested in ISTP female
The INTP Questionnaire Tag
Thoughts on Magnesium Glycinate?
Self-improvement?
do you seek out other people or at least their online presence more when you're drunk?
this normal INTP behaviour?
Question for INTPs: Sacrifice in a Relationship
Christ people piss me off
Where is the other 90%?
Tips on improving Si for INTP ?
Is difficulty in maintaining connection the result of lack of initiation?
Master of None or Master of One?
[rant] Communication issues
INTP Characters from shows, books, games, and anime?
INTPs: What is your specialty?
Is the need to post and talk online inferior Fe?
I have to deal with 2, **9**, 19, 20 and sometimes 4. Which ones do you need to work with?
If you had the INFJ personality type, what would you do?
NAUTILUS article: Meet Walter Pitts, the Homeless Genius Who Revolutionized Artificial Intelligence
Darth Darth Binks is my favourite Trek Wars character. What's yours?
Admit it, this is the INTP's ultimate dream toy
David Bowie really really does talk like an INTP. Can we confirm his INTP-ness? Listen to this video, for instance.
How were your social situations last night?
I thought you guys might find this interesting! College assignment regarding MBTI.
DAE dislike sustained eye contact?
(18M) Lately I've realised that I'm sociable but not social
Day dreaming about analysis?
SHOW ME YOUR TATTOOS! :)
INTJ retested as INTP (x-post)
How do you feel about INFPs?
Can't stop thinking about person I'm attracted to
This subreddit is shit
Feeling types drive me nuts!
A really good series that gives a unique "Perspective" to just about EVERYTHING
What happens when I over rely on my extroverted intuition in social situations.
Question about intp I'm dating ?
Lying to an INTP: trusting the intangibles
I'm gonna be on a plane for 24h...any suggestions on what to read?
I'm becoming an INFP
INTPs who are happy and successful at your jobs? How do you do it?
The Computational Complexity of Creativity
If we're not supposed to have empathy then why...
Hey guys, what does your handwriting look like?
How to read an INTPs extreme relational indecision
Admit it, this is the INTP's ultimate dream toy
Characteristics of an INTP
50 Quotes that every INTP will instantly refer to
Edgar Allen Poe quote sounded pretty goddamn INTP
Which self improvement cliche quotes make you cringe?
What's your party trick or something cool (or uncool) you know?
Loneliness strikes again
Any love for assholes and losers?
What do you create?
Ruth Chang: How to make hard choices
I'm volunteering for a group that guilts you if you don't show up and it's extremely annoying. I like to do nice things for people, but I don't like feeling like I have to be there, otherwise it's just emotional extortion and manipulation and painstakingly annoying.
Some questions for the elusive INTP women.
Silicon Based Lifeforms - The more I study nature and programming, the more I see programming in nature.
Why do emotions hurt so much?
Social Recovery
How do you address your parents?
When Ti Ne Attacks.
Boss surprised me and shut our online book store down yesterday. What kind of job does a 26 year old INTP without a degree look for in Boston MA?
Opinions on compatibility between different types
You know you want it.
What's the best compliment you can receive as an INTP?
"Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing."
Learning about one thing is learning about everything
"People who have identified a profession that is particularly meaningful to them, but are unable or unwilling to pursue it, report relatively poor physical and psychological health."
Comments about the scientific validity of current psychiatric practices?
First sitе whеre аdult girl sеarch fаmiliarity shе writе first NО MОNEY and оther things!
The Low Hanging Fruit when it comes to better Social Skills
Every path seems the same in the end.
Went out in full extroversion mode at a party.
INTP music taste incoming.
Were you a teenager at some point?
An interesting comic I stumbled upon today.
Are INTPs better looking and smarter than average?
How would you rate your public speaking skills?
A Document I'm Reading for School, and a Document with an Opposing View. xNFJ/xNTP conflict of ethics/morality and worldview?
Is this normal INTP behavior?
Finding Partners: Choosing Acceptance vs. Values
psychology+INTP=what recomended specialization?
If you had to rank you Top 3 Republican Presidential candidates
What religion do you believe in?
I have an intense desire for power, dominance, and the role of a leader...which is apparently atypical of us
Tattoo'd INTPs: thoughts on a design. Life timeline
What Harry Potter character do you relate most to/like most? What do you think that say about your personality? *Bonus* What's your Hogwarts house?
Should the understanding of each other's independence to be prioritized in a relationship? (Introvert getting in a relationship with an overly-dependent person)
How good you are in the interviews?
Struggle and an attempt at introspection, please help
What's an INTP most likely to spend lottery winnings on?
Why do we have such crappy theme on our subreddit?
ENFP male here. Need help understanding my INTP girlfriend.
Do you feel you're a largely misunderstood person?
StrengthsFinder thread? StrengthsFinder thread.
What if this universe is a simulation and a prison?
INTPs, what are the types of your parents?
how good is your sense of smell?
Remember to eat occasionally.
AN INTP WOMAN QUESTIONNAIRE. It's long as shit but it was fun to do so deal.
I don't get why people prop up the expression "you live in an ivory tower" when confronted with an argument or take on life they don't understand or won't adopt because someone with a higher degree of education said it. It seems short sighted. Maybe I just don't get it.
One of the everlasting INTP truths
alcohol is never the answer
Thinking of pursuing psychiatry, thoughts?
What are VERY noticeable things you've noticed between INTPs and ENTPS
INTP that prefers step-by-step instructions
Any INTP's here that workout?
Let's do something INTP's do for a change
Woman looking for sex at one time? 20+
Music is dead. David Bowie has passed away at 62. In pace.
Tinder overanalysis — story of my INTP life
I've started having thoughts that I am not use to.
What job should I get?
What do you make of all this fine bros drama?
Public job exacerbating social anxiety?
How have you made friends through the years?
INTP Weekly Thread #2016-02
Antidepressants
Is everyone on here 14?
The reason i love chemicals.
Looking for someone to share introspection/random analysis with
Dire need for girlfriend.
Anyone score anything other than INTP on Dario Nardi's Test?
Have you ever dated another INTP? If so, how did that go?
Extremely curious about hallucination-inducing drugs
Zoophilia and Bestiality
Thoughts on medication?
Hard to let go
What happened to Tomacity(rast) (youtube)?
Im not sure if Im INTP or INFP
What's the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?
Are you better at Tetris or chess?
What do you think is the best way to be smart? IQ? EQ? The ability to walk into a room and cold read someone like Sherlock Holmes? Street smarts? Creativity? What, in your opinion, makes an exceptionally bright human being?
Don't worry about what others think of you.
I feel like worrying and over-caution are just parts of my personality but I'm also sick of putting my friends in positions where they have to comfort me when I'm just too into my own head.
Kylo Ren is an INTP. Are you guys embarrassed?
Dear INTP peeps, I have noticed that I am very fond of aesthetic (Good Looking) things. How about you?
INTPs, how would you describe your path to personal growth?
Good Afternoon. I'm new to r/INTP.
All of my best friends are inanimate objects.
Two INTPs in a room, with video-games.
this channel must be how INTP heaven looks like
Ladies and gentlemen, the flawless INTP logic /s
Is it INTP to tear a message apart to the point that the message no longer has meaning or conversation has direction? OCD/ADHD style?
Discord Chat to filter/define types and make right approach to communication.
Looking for meaning in life
Clumsiness and the INTP
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done while drunk?
INTPs on trips to Vegas
Fe rears it's ugly head
Having trouble expressing emotions. And yeah, fuck society.
To my fellow INTPs; Have some inspirational music to make your day a little better :-D (Eric Prydz - Generate [2:45])
I'm about to be a step father and I want to create a road map
INTP with Feels and Mental Health
Is Cara Delevingne an INTP?
Do people get intimidated with your intelligence? How do you handle it?
Forced to ask someone to prom through cellphone
There are two kinds of people in the world
How do you balance autonomy in a relationship?
INTPs. Are you materialistic or practical?
Wavering Affection
RIP Alan Rickman (INTP)
What is a "normal" conversation?
Immediately thought of my INTP friend, whose blank expression prompts most people to delve deeper into their original explanation.
Maury (Tv-show)
[INTP] My girlfriend is a prostitute! Damn I found it on this site ... Check out friends and girlfriends.
[INTP] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:iggnisitasoda
This 22-Year-Old Physics Genius Might Be The Next Einstein!
Music and memories
INTP female animus
Auto or manual car ?
Any INTP improvisers out there?
Feminism, what's your objective and rational view?
I want some friends but I don't know how to go on about that...
Partying on New Years?
I'm having trouble telling if I'm Ti or Fi
I think we achieve our ultimate selves when we are able to jump back and forth between INTP and ENTJ
No extroverts on Mars, please!
My boyfriend cheated on me and I decided to take revenge on him, registers, and look me in the nick: Girl325 [INTP]
I'm volunteering for a group that guilts you if you don't show up for every single meeting and it's super annoying. I like to do nice things for people, but I don't like feeling emotionally extorted/manipulated. This is why I hate volunteering. Someone always has to go ruin it by being insufferable.
Super competitive in game but able to drop all emotion toward the game when it's over?
Do people ever say you ask too many questions?
Pondering intuition and MBTI
Because it needs to be said
How good is IT programming as a major for an INTP?
