"Bowie bonds" - music/royalties rights, have you heard of anything similar?
Economic Growth Cools as American Consumers Temper Spending
Digging For Value In Targa Resource Partners' 11.25% Preferred Stock
Advice needed. Inexperienced investor. 200 shares of GoPro tanking hard.
Calculating taxes on selling company stocks bought through employee stock purchase program
A bank offers principal-guaranteed GICs that follow the stock market. Why not buy?
Wall Street shocked by completely unforeseeable lifting of sanctions on Iran.
Question about ETF's
Anybody starting to like Bernie?
Can someone give me some DD on Yara International?
EARNINGS WEEK. Thoughts on United States Economy?
There's one area in hedge fund investing that's expecting a monster pay year
Deciding between individual stocks or index funds
Apple isn’t really sitting on $216 billion in cash
Difference between stop vs limit order?
Getting Started... ETF's a good choice?
First U.S. oil export leaves port; marks end to 40-year ban
Possible play on aging demographics
S&amp;P 500 top and worst performers of 2015 - NETFLIX &amp; CHILL wins the US market
What happens to your investment account when you die?
Are you ready for AAPL to TANK??
Is it time for you to start investing in the commodities sector? Anglo American seems extremely undervalued (worse performer in the FTSE 100 index last year).
I just saw the Big Short and..
Feeling Totally Screwed Over, What do I do?
Noob Question: Why does a Chinese market crash necessarily result in a US market crash?
So, sure, I didn't call the worst crash in history on Monday.. I still made some killer trades. Aim for the stars &amp; maybe you'll hit the moon. Will close positions near the close today.
To anyone who as made a profit in 2016, what does your portfolio look like?
Taimed Biologics 4147:TT
Why is Stock market a biggest den for gambling
Can someone please explain why the market crashed today after the FED report?
Oil price prediction survey. Where would you predict the bottom will be. Thanks for participating.
Idea review: Long USO w/ OTM covered calls
Is there anyway the energy sector can avoid bankruptcies in the next 6 months?
Thoughts on GALE, penny stock with a Phase 3 adjuvant cancer treatment.
Help please! Quick survey about share trading
Finance problem
Netflix is up, up, up.
Morgan Stanley crushes
Can anyone share tips or suggestions for shutting down a brokerage/investment account?
Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) is down 10% today even after recent positive upgrades, oil is down but i can't find any additional info on the larger than expected drop, anyone know?
Canada is going to legalize Marijuana pretty damn soon. Is it prudent to start investing now?
Daily advice thread. All questions about your personal situation should be asked here
Startup that admits it may not be legal will IPO anyway
Can someone explain why the US dollar is getting stronger?
Leveraged short Canadian dollar ETF?
Opinions on the (very) recent oil rally?
What fundamentals do you worry about?
How much did you lose with GoPro?
Oh god... expect another HUGE drop on monday...
Words of advice a.k.a. calm down.
Developing practical skills while in school
Slow day at work, any questions about Real Estate?
How I won and lost a quarter million dollars
Maybe someone will find this useful... basic explanation of 100% equity being bad.
Let's get a group of people and invest in the Lotto. Warning: Risk
What investors should expect in 2016
Jeremy Siegel: S&amp;P Will See 10% Upside by Year-End
Buy Low and Sell High is Easy for You to Say
Bought Solar City (SCTY) stocks a while back. Thought it was low at the time, boy was I wrong. Should I cut my losses?
does etrade allow you to loan stocks?
What is your opinion on peer to peer lending as an investor?
Best Brokerage accounts for beginners
If the Chinese economy collapses. What happens to the US?
Does buying and holding ETFs still work if you buy in a bull market?
Why has the Dow suddenly become uncoupled from the price of oil?
So when a stock goes down in price and we lose all the money, where does it go? F.E. I buy AAPL for 600 a year ago now its 95 where did the 500 ps go?
How can markets move higher once Baby Boomers are forced to start cashing out their 401k &amp; IRAs?
Humor: the funniest IPO-related story, perhaps ever
Using iPhone apps for free Stock Trading??
How much is too much dead money?: The ethics of investing
Why is Alphabet Inc affected by the oil fueled market drop?
Looking to try investing for long-term but unsure about decisions
Free Financial Trading course from Shaw Academy (live with full student/teacher interaction)
Help a newbie out
Is anyone still in the market?
Asia markets surge; Nikkei climbs to close 5.88% higher
Best statistical indicators of a company?
Is there public a list of bankruptcy filings available anywhere?
Capitalizing from the Baby Boomer generation?
Suppose you believe silver won't go under $12 and you have $5000 to spend...
Inverse bear oil ETF?
30 year old investing in stock index fund
Markets are now up!!!
What should the average 20-something year old's investment portfolio look like?
Oil is about to crash past $30 a barrel
Anyone buying BTE? TSE:BTE?
What are you shorting?
OIL ETF - what a mess!
Last time here asked if Arch Coal (ACI) was nearing bankruptcy...
Are High Frequency Trade computers ethical?
Can index funds exploit lows?
The /r/investing oil survey!
Would it be wise (or possible) to invest in the Parsemus Foundation (The people behind Vasalgel)?
If you are investing in DWTI or any other leveraged oil ETF...
Trying to understand my inverse stock picks
Various ways to short the US housing market in 2015
Do paid stock services or newsletters work?
I want to start a hedge fund. How do I get an offshore "master-feeder" set up?
Are there any tools that i can use to scan the US markets for stocks that are overbought/above their moving average?
Bullish on Dollar ETF what is the best ETF to buy. I am very bullish about dollar and bearish on EURO&gt; Thanks
VTSAX (total stock market) vs VFIAX (S&amp;P 500), which fund is better in the long run?
Is LexShares legit; have you invested with them?
Up to Date Valuations
My thoughts on Investing in Oil
Selling off bonds to buy stocks?
Where to even start w/ Day Trading
WhatsApp is no free. What does it mean for FB?
After a good earnings report, is better to cash out after hours or wait till regular trading?
Oil: I want to buy but I don't know how. Which stock symbol? $USO? No companies. I want commodity.
Fed Minutes Show Some Concern on Economic Outlook
Shatter your financial glass ceiling - John Assaraf, New York Times Bestselling Author of "Having It All' &amp; "The Answer", is hosting the annual Brain-A-Thon today at 10AM PST/1PM EST. Join for free here.
Information overload - what are your top sources?
If average stock PE is 16 then why are investor willing to 50 times more for some companies?
When I use Questrade's practice platform to buy/sell options, it asks me for a limit amount. What is this, and what do I put there?
Oil is rocketing
I lost a huge portion of my investment in Tokyo Electric Power due to declining stock price and foreign exchange. Anyone else make this same mistake? Buy, sell, or hold?
Why Auto Stocks Are Sinking After Car Sales’ Record Year [WSJ Article]
Paper Trading for my CV - what do employers look for?
How high can the Dow/S&amp;P 500 go?
Why I believe there is a social media / adtech bubble
AAII Investor Sentiment as a Stock Market Indicator
Is XOM behaving as a safe haven? That stock has been range trading while Oil is collapsing.
Going long on margin?
What low beta stocks are aren't overpriced?
Input: Buying Canadian oil &amp; gas ETFs soonish
Would a Novice Investor significantly benefit from reading the entire investopedia dictionary? Literally every term, A-Z.
Can someone explain what's going on with this mutual fund?
New York City will begin replacing thousands of pay phones this month with free Wi-Fi hot spots that will sit atop a 9.5-foot tall box featuring electronic advertising screens.
Getting a tad closer to understanding options. Help me run through a quick scenario?
Is there a Robinhood equivalent in the UK
Own VTI [Total US stocks], want to invest in VGT [Tech sector, 98% US stocks]. Good idea?
HTC Vive booth, huge potential
A website to track other sites' predictions
Impact on Portfolio Companies after Activist Investor Breakup
China's stock market falls again, closes down -5.3%
Is it easy to make money in stock market?
Investing in Elon Musk's Trifecta: Space-X, Tesla, and Solar City.
Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Discussion
Anyone tried betterment?
26 Stock Picks for 2016
Money Pool with friends - Good or Bad?
Powerball up to 1.4 Billion
The End of the World!
Panic Monday!!!
Long term invest in VIX ETF + SPDR?
Apple gearing up for new iPhone release
Hold high expense ratio/management fee funds or Sell during this downturn??
Thoughts on $EXPE?
ALIBABA BEATS ON REVENUE
If oil prices do go up... Is OIL a bad bet?
BRCM, AVGO merger?
20 years ago today, Sun almost bought Apple for $4 billion
This is only the beginning, Oil will go to $20, possibly lower
What are all of the Expenses of the "VOO" Index Fund?
What is going on with COH?
Can someone explain?
Looking To Start Investing
Will the economy collapse in 2016?
Technology Replacing Jobs - The Need to Invest
Readjusting 401k even with target funds?
Australians: What would you do with a small amount of cash ($10k) to see the best/any of kind of return on it?
Took this opportunity to buy some AMZN
Canadian investors, what are you guys doing right now?
Has there been a time in recent memory when stock market analysts/commentators were so bearish?
What happened to the guy who shorted KalBios and started a GoFundMe for his losses? I'm Assuming he had to cover and eat the loss. Can he sue Shrekli directly?
For how long will the stock market keep declining
I put sell orders on about 2/3 of my holdings this morning. Of course, this means you should buy.
"Iran aims to increase output by close to 1.5 million barrels by the end of 2016, taking daily production to 4.2 million, says Iran's oil minister Bijan Zanganeh." This is 500,000 more barrels than previously planned.
amd a strong buy in a few months
Online brokers available to non residents. (Canadian expat)
HISTORIC: LONDON SILVER FIX BREAKS
Where to find historical ROE?
What's going on at the social network? (TWTR)
How do I execute a tender offer within Questrade?
Trading commodities/currencies and Robinhood
Totally new, have about 400 euros to spend. What should I do?
Buying your way down Shell/oil
biotech tanking again...IBB down &gt;5% in first hour of trading today and down &gt; 25% this month.
Good morning Chinese stock exchange! Good night Chinese stock exchange!
[UK]100k to invest - but know nothing
I'm starting to sell now
(Again?) China Said to Intervene in Stock Market After $590 Billion Rout
Strong growth outlook to attract foreign investments to India
World Bank issues 'perfect storm' warning for 2016. Should we avoid emerging markets?
How does sale and purchase of high and low priced CDO collaterals respectively lead to collateral par (principal) building, which in turn causes increased returns for the manager?
Has anybody used a self-directed IRA to invest in crowdfunding?
ELI5: stock price of syt after chemchina deal.
We've been here before: January 2014, October 2014, January 2015, August 2015...
Daily advice thread. All questions about your personal situation should be asked here
Economic Downturns and Tax Loss Harvesting
Why is SanDisk priced so low?
Is there a free resource I can use to find quantity of options (calls &amp; puts) traded in realtime or 15min delay?
What would a diversified collection of ETFs look like?
What would you invest in as a gift, that you wouldn't buy yourself?
What would a lifetime of oil cost, and why wouldn't I want to buy it at today's prices?
Breakdown of how much can be saved in investment banking career?
What is the ideal range for PEG ratio?
Value investing with bonds and bond ETFs
What I'm thinking of investing with all of these 52-week lows, what do you think?
Social Media Fakes Used to Spread Fear
Probelogic investment opportunity 2016
International Precious Metals Secures American Eagle Gold Sets, Signed by Former Mint Director Edmund C. Moy
Get Monthly 30% on Your Investment
Noob here. Vanguard ETF for slowing economy.
Open an Account Without Funding
Can UK investors invest in a French company using UK-based investment documents?
International sanctions against Iran lifted: Which companies are going to profit from it?
Conflicting Parabolic SAR on investing.com and TOS for natural gas futures.
10-second survey on benchmarking for personal portfolios
US treasury bond ETFs - are international investors taxed?
Will the market rally, tank, or stay the same after the Fed statement today?
Solar City ends week down nearly 30%, amid controversial Nevada decision
What was your most ridiculous reason for buying a stock? How did it turn out?
What usually happens when to an acquired company's stock after the initial jump?
Grandmother has cash held for me in a "Guggenheim"
Netflix in developing countries:What it means for internet companies?
Looking for a partner to discuss the news?
It's insane how much airlines are profiting off of lower oil prices.
I might have dodged a bullet there.
U.S. Markets Open and Close Sharply Down in Strong Negative Reaction to Previous Night's Republican Presidential Debate
So what do you think is more important? Utilizing one's money for investing in retirement or paying off debt (student loans &amp;/or credit card debt)?
Can someone explain to me how dividend reinvestment works?
Another 1-2% off today!
Tradeking not accepting orders
I have ties and/or citizenship in the US, Canada, and the UK. How can I use this over my life to my advantage?
Unsophisticated investor wanting to invest in oil/gas. Is VGENX the best route?
"4% for the next Decade" - Bogle
What does AB Inbev's bid for SABMiller mean for my Altria shares?
Why I Invest in Clean Energy Stocks
ConocoPhillips - potentially a good buy long term once they cut the dividend?
Wall Street Journal: “Big-Cap Tech Stocks Are a Sucker Bet”
Am I the only one that thinks Canadian REITs are looking good for US investors?
The first IPO of 2016! Shimmick Construction being offered in the week of 1/11
If you were guaranteed 8% returns and a loan of 3%, is the "optimal" leverage as high as possible?
Has anyone here profited by followed Jim Cramer's charitable trust positions?
Someone give me ONE good reason that the market should continue higher in 2016. Just one.
Is Canadian Real Estate (Ontario) As Income Property A Bad Investment?
1 I want to invest $100,000 into some solid low-risk stocks in the next month, what are the best picks for a 10 year horizon?
I usually invest myself through Vanguard but wife's employer is opening Edward Jones accounts and we have a meeting with them. What to expect?
Investing in real estate in Houston
new to stocks, investing in kgc/abx?
‘It’s now the best time to invest in India’
What Every Property Investor Must Do
AMZN what's the highest price you would consider investing, and the highest price you absolutely would?
Here are the Top 100 stocks of hedge funds. Now why shouldn't an individual just buy these stocks vs. paying a fund manager?
Facebook admits that it's worried about adblockers.
stocks in a bubble? what are the effects of Q.E on the stock markets? (noob here)
You have $20 a week to invest
What are critical factors you look at before buying deciding to buy?
Good Source of Free Financial Data?
anyone had enough
The Few Rule the Many — Power Laws in Market Returns (2015 Case Study)
How can I test the correlation between pre-market futures and daily closing price?
Just a random thought about Google and Ford
To YOLO or not to YOLO?
I trade using hot stock tips from expert shows like Fast Money, and by getting tips from investing genius Jim Cramer, but I am still losing money! WHAT GIVES GUYS!!!
Why should I put my savings into an RRSP rather than a TSFA if I make ~55K/yr (Beginner question, Canada)
Long term strategy for USO (OIL)
Good resource for learning to be profitable in the stock market
How to invest with the Zika Virus?
ELI5 what is happening to CVS Health stock
macd volativity adjustment?
natural gas question?
Charles Schwab 1099 - when?
If you are buying right now, what are you buying?
Why does the price of oil continue to impact the markets when oversupply is such a major factor?
Survey: What do "large gain", "normal gain", and "small gain" mean to you?
Any thoughts on gold funds?
CAT is currently near a 5% dividend yield. Any thoughts?
Shorting Luxury Goods in the Face of Economic Downturn
FACEBOOK: A BIG BEAT
What are your favorite investing tools?
Well Today Was Interesting
Should I sell for a loss to fund IRA
22 year Old Looking for Advice -Good books
Thoughts on Bombardier?
Gold Investment Question
What would you want to learn about?
market to crash to 2007 highs
Maxed out IRA for 2016 over the weekend, can I cancel the transaction that is supposed to happen today to not get rocked by the market?
Pay off student loans or invest?
I'm 18 and inexperienced, Trying Robinhood with $200.
How much the typical U.S. investor made in 2015?
How and why are shares of company stock funds in company 401(k) of a significant different value than the stock price of that company?
Those of you who invest / look for investing in early stage startups, what's the biggest obstacles that prevent you from being more productive and successful?
DJIA 1900-1945
is this a good time to get into GOLD?
Google is paying Apple $1 billion just to stay as the default search engine on the iPhone
Buckle up boys. It's going to get worse. Much worse.
Betterment.com - can you have dividends sent to you, or only re-invested?
Predictions going forward
Investment advice for 24 y/o willing to take risks
Should I still invest in my domestic market even it's not diverse?
Tax implications of having an ESPP and the company being bought
Daily advice thread. All questions about your personal situation should be asked here
How to effectively hedge long positions
Apple Eyes Launching Stores In India
What methods are used by Fed for avoidance USD destabilizing events while other countries like China struggle with Yuan?
RDS/A employee stock plan. what to do with shares?
What's wrong with just buying and selling VIX?
2016 Markets &amp; Stock Predictions
Where to Find Top Stock Market/Macroeconomic news for the past year?
Bitcoin Price surging up after Chinese market was halted
Crash course in investing?
You guys don't understand
Daily advice thread. All questions about your personal situation should be asked here
Here's why it's time to invest in Bitcoin in these crazy markets (TheStreet.com)
Sources for global market / index stats?
I have $1000 to gamble.
Michael Dell's $80 million investment no one knew about could be worth as much as $4 billion
Dodging bullets the last few years.
Bloomberg: "Oil Falls Below $30/BBL for First Time Since December 2003"
Any timeline for Airbnb to IPO?
Is OIL a good option for next 5 years?
Do you believe stocks have long-term risk or only short-term risk?
Borrowers interest rate in United Stats has already risen, Why aren't savers interest rates rising?
Rate My Portfolio/Need Bond &amp; REIT Recommendations
Q1 2016 Energy sector strategy
Rate My Portfolio
Dad bought WTE.TO for me when I was young but hasn't been following it since it crashed. What should I do.
Long term market timing
$UA Under Armour jumps 18% to open
Amazon Web Services vs. Apple's Services Segment
Corn Futures if Cruz is elected?
VOD Voluntary Corporate Action
General Motors has taken the wraps off its latest move to place itself into next generation transportation with a new service targeting the mobility-on-demand market.
What do people mean when they say "invest in oil"?
Book on the history of the stock market?
Who's buying some oil majors now?
Everyone here who wants to be way ahead of the curve needs to know about Cryptonote.
[Serious] Can you really make money spread betting?
Anyone have experience using Robinhood?
Is biotech selloff over? or was this an actual correction or maybe both? Is there more pain to come. Someone let me see inside their crystal ball!
What are you buying today?
Your thoughts on www.idealing.com
China - ROUND 2
first broker questions
Just got reminded of this post from four months ago, His prediction seems as relevant today as it did then
Hold me accountable reddit! Oil Trade is in! Long USO, writing 3 Month OTM calls (details on how and why inside).
Oil hits 11 year low - is it time to start buying?
It's moronic Monday, the Wednesday edition, your chance to ask any of those questions that you're embarrassed to ask in real life.
I made a simple command line quote tool! Give it a try!
House as a an asset?
Is now a good time to buy oil stock?
Did anyone here get a class action packet for Facebook stock? Can anyone explain what its all about?
Can you short in Canada and/or TSX?
What are some good Youtube channels that focus on the market?
SDRL NEED ADVICE
Is this in the end of the world?
Peeptrade is having a $5,000 trading contest and all you have to do to enter is link your Interactive Brokers account!
uh...yahoo dow futures up 1300 points?
If Chesapeake Energy Continues To Buy Time, It Might Make For A Huge Turnaround
How can I get a loan to invest it?
ELI5: Take your money off the table because trees don't grow to the sky
What are the best free day trader chat rooms?
Different way to approach impact of earnings reports?
IMO this is not the bottom (yet)
what are peoples thoughts on Intrexon with the world becoming aware of the spreading Zika virus?
Etrade Singapore is closing. Looking at other online brokers.
I have a question
What is the best way to invest alot of money (around 70k)? Please Help
Can someone explain the hype on Ford (F) to me?
Social Security Benefit Initiation Decision; At what age do You maximize your benefits?
[Book/Website Recommendation Request] Looking for resources involving real estate investment (rental, not flipping). Any and all help appreciated.
Do you lose to decay if you put an equal amount of money into two opposed 3x ETFs?
Devolping a volatilty index based on Reddit postings promoted to the front page. AKA The Reddit gauge.
How low will she go?
Jeff Gundlach thinks oil is a disaster, rates could finally head higher, and gold could hit $1,400
Delta soars despite earnings miss
The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient. -Warren Buffet
Truck talk from Tesla
Is a world financial crisis nearby? So says RBS! What do you think? (Facts or data is better than opinion)
Investing in stocks under book value
Time to invest in Samsung?
Daily advice thread. All questions about your personal situation should be asked here
Newbie Question: Is it wise to continue investing in periodic increments despite a projected downward trend?
Crash or dip....doesn't matter. Emerging markets and energy opportunity?
Health and Biotech funds' performance in 2015/16
I held about 18 grand in TSCPX through an old 401k and 2 grand in Fid Freedom K 2050, today i want to check on a dividend and everything is FFK2050. What Gives?
Student loan investment
FCAU Down 30+%?
How do I invest in oil?
Neopost email announcing no raises for poor performance
Jan 1st - isn't advantageous for funds to start low so they can show strong gains (pct) throughout the year
Canadian here, I have 250K to invest, 100K in self directed RRSP, 150K in my LIRA, zero in my tfsa. 48 yrs old house paid off zero debt. What should I be looking into?
Feds thoughts on the depression in June 1938
This sub hates Wealthfront, hates Robinhood, hates Facebook, hates Uber. So what services and stocks does the circlejerk like? Or are we just supposed to hate stuff without liking anything?
Choosing the Perfect Stock Broker :-)
what is the point?????
SUNE ownership in TERP and GLBL?
Should i sell my VMware espp stocks?
Help me sound knowledgeable on stocks please!
For anyone thinking they just timed the oil bottom
Emerging Cities: India and China's New City States.
McDonald's plans to open more than 60 restaurants in Russia in 2016.
Selling Option Strangles Strategy.
Apple is no longer the world's largest public company.
Flint’s water supply failure was brought on by excess protection of municipal workers’ benefits?
Consider These Two Trading Strategies
Holding Triple Leveraged S&amp;P 500 Index ETF for the long term yielding high rate of return?
How would I be taxed on/how would I handle taxes from SWNTX?
PEG ratio on TD ameritrade?
Amazon exec: Our drones will deliver in 30 minutes or less
Guaranteed Return on Investment
Shanghai Stock Exchange closes 0.44% up!
Is there a relationship b/w USD and Yuan (rmb)? If there is, is it strong or weak relationship?
US-based brokerage for non-citizens?
I'm interested in creating some online investment tools/analyses for this community. What would you guys be interested in?
Does Donald Trump legitimately have the influence to control Macy's stock, as he claims?
Will markets go down for this long?
Question About Efficient Market Hypothesis
Could someone please explain why the market reacts badly to low oil prices? Isn't it equally positive for other sectors like food, retail, air travel?
/r/investing Oil Survey Results
LendingClub dropped 50% since IPO - any reason to hang on?
GPRO fall, should a noob invest at this new low?
Front load 401k now while market is down?
3 Predictions for Apple in 2016
Amazon is crashing after earnings
As oil slides, Buffett is extending his bet on it. He just picked up ~$400M worth of PSX
Is my financial advisor the best fit for me?
Dow poised for triple-digit loss on China halt, oil slide
Martin Shkreli gets House subpoena
Need help with Dividend rate
Favorite Netflix Docs
Canadian dividends in an IRA account?
When the fuck will we have a green day?
Canada's future weed industry.
The First Millennial ETF Is Perf For Investors - Fortune Article
Has Anyone Ever Rated the Performance of TheStreet Ratings?
buying STZ from Canada
How does one make money with VIX?
Will the stock market rebound tomorrow now that everyone needs to reinvest the cash they pulled out for Powerball?
Would I be out of line for saying that I think Monday is going to be the worst stock market crash in US history, and I'm positioned accordingly?
Oil is not coming back
Earn $350 daily
Main Street beats Wall Street
The Old Boys' Club: The Investing World's Diversity Problem
Military Based Investment Portfolio Simulation
Elon Musk bought $100 million more worth of Tesla this week .
Cramer: Oil could go to $10
WTF is up with the VO dividend schedule?
Oil and Tesla....
Amateur question: If I buy a 3x Inverse Crude Oil ETF, is my risk the same compared to shorting a stock?
Ford - dividend currently at 5% - what could possibly go wrong?
(CAN) REITS or Actual Real Estate?
Donald Trump says he's going to make Apple build computers in the US
Crude Oil Options. Where do i find them on yahoo finance?
my brief analysis on the state of the markets
Sunedison Inc To Distribute Tesla Motors Inc Powerwall
I have money that is just cash in an IRA. Is it a good time to buy in, or will the market keep dropping?
Trading Options Question
Microsoft plans to donate more than $1B worth of cloud services to nonprofits over the next three years in a bid to "advance the public good"
Is it possible to short stocks on a small scale?
If oil stays low... More people buy cars?
ECB and Raising Interest Rates (Europe)
Competitors of blue chip shares
Anyone know about Blow and Drive?
Anyone make $ on Institutional Financial Markets today ?
David Bowie was a financial innovator, too
How to sell a single, gift stock
My new investing experiment, instructions inside. Want to play along?
Investing 10k in Aus
Why didn't Scion Capital buy massive amounts of puts in the housing market instead of putting all of its money in CDSs?
When to invest with the current market?
Rookie Fund Managers To Follow?
Bill Gross: It’s a Xanax World
Corus Entertainment is buying Shaw Media For 265B
Schwab now allowing purchase of select John Hancock ETFs on OneSource
I'm the guy who incorrectly called the market crash on Monday. Although I was wrong, and admit I'm an asshole, I'm making a killing today and the week isn't over yet. Short: AMZN ATVI SBUX NVDA CMPR VRSN HD
How/Where can I invest in drinking water? The worlds future hot commodity.
Has anyone used Copyop? Are they legit?
How does the weak Canadian dollar affect Canadian ETFs that have foreign exposure?
I'm opening an online investment account and I can choose b/w cash and margin accounts. If I choose margin, would I be able to use the account as cash? In other words, does margin account gives all the options of cash + additional options?
Charles Schwab or TD Ameritrade for trading ETFs?
19 years old, about $6500: What to do?
Using currency risk to juice up a portfolio
Can a fund like UWTI hit $0? If so, what follows?
The Real Reason Oil Is So Cheap And How Rockefeller and Rothschild Are Involved
Is it the Right Time to Enter the Stock Market
Business &amp; finance books - competition
OIL is sooo shady!
And The Biggest Contributor To U.S. Growth in 2015 Was...
Is drawing lines on stock charts actually a reasonably reliable way of determining probability?
Is there an ETF that invests heavily in bananas?
How often do you rebalance?
Some doubts about the International REIT index fund in my portfolio ($VNQI)
Today Shell has given the ok to buy BG Group
Stock market poised for big Monday action!
Goldman Sachs is reportedly cutting 10% of its giant fixed-income division
Why did the U.S. stock market decline sharply in the beginning of 2016?
"we had over 1,850 stocks hitting new 12-month lows today. That is roughly a quarter of the entire market. Second, nearly 82% of stocks in the market are trading below their 200-day simple moving averages, which tells us how broad and deep this selloff already is"
Newer books similar to One Up On Wall Street?
Energy Mutual Fund?
22 year old straight out of college, need input on 401K vs. student loan debt
Motley Fool stock picks as of 1/26/16?
Stocks marked as "Bull" vs. "Bear"? What does it mean?
oh christ jesus we are under august lows, S&amp;P at 1864 right now.
Emerging Market Funds with Exposure to markets in Africa?
In response to Chipotle's "free food" policy
Why put options have strike price higher than cuurent?
Oil investors 2016, the bear is hungry. Happy New Year!
Should I pull the trigger and have chipotle help me with a down payment on a house ? Or just keep saving my 1.3k a month...
Morningstar Moats – Key Considerations From Different Sectors
Tesla rival Faraday Future just revealed its vision of the future of cars.
Invested everything at the top of the market in June 2015. Considering this looks more like the beginning of a bear market than a correction, should I cut my losses and get out?
Bright Trading
ELI5: Would straddling 3x ETFs work with options?
Saudis making a ‘trillion-dollar mistake,’ says U.S. oil billionaire
If I Purchase $YANG, Do I have to sell daily?
According to the attached chart, we are very likely to have a very positive year. Fear not, there is still much hope!
[Question] How can I buy at the same day price via Vanguard?
Vanguard VTENX late Dec drop question
