A friend from the US collects police patches from around the world. Is it possible to legally obtain Garda patches for this purpose?
Has this guy a chip on the shoulder?
Where’s the logic behind this?
Was anyone here at Massive Attack in the Olympia?
What's your plans for tonight?
Advice for an Immigrant? [Already a Citizen]
Why am I not registered to vote?
Would you report some you knew was drink-driving home?
What's your best Gardai story?
Best place to buy traditional Irish sweaters?
Emirates Ireland | View From Above
Groupthink is as strong in Ireland as it was before the financial crisis
Never ask Enda Kenny to roll a spliff for you...
Ireland of the Eulogies
RTE Rebellion Episode 4 for exPats/Nordies/Yanks
Factores y fases a pasar para realizar un año académico en Irlanda
Wine price Dublin Airport
Irish/ Reggae Singer Audition's To Be #TheVoiceOfIreland
The IRA's Secret History (Documentary on the Border Campaign 1956-62)
Snow in Dublin
Frostbit Boy Ruairi McSorley - The Girl For Me Official Video
Irish father has to travel to UK to get medical supplies for son at christmas.
Head of controversial Irish group addresses far-right rally in Germany - Identity Ireland said Germany’s Pegida movement invited Peter O’Loughlin to speak at its first rally of the year.
TIL of the Limerick Soviet, a short lived Marxist-Leninist republic that was declared during the War of Independence.
Bill Burr on playing to an Irish Audience. #NSFW (language)
Old photos of Ireland, between 1890. and 1900.
Sexual consent workshops to be compulsory for new TCD students
I can relate to what Fassbender and Ronan have to endure. The struggle is real!
The grammar, it hurts
Embrace your Irishness and celebrate 1916 The Rising reminds us of greatness; a time when political leaders had big idea
Catholic church up to their old tricks
Frostbit lad made a music video
Louth area... tornado or some shit??!
Is a degree essential for a job in software development/programming?
UCD vs. Trinity
A village in Wicklow has declared itself a poster-free zone in the run up to the election.
PSA: You can circumvent the irishtimes.com subscription blocker by simply deleting cookies.
Are Late CAO Applications looked down upon or less valuable than on time ones in college's eyes?
Ideas for a joke lecture on Father Ted?
Out of the Loop: Battleship at the bottom of the sub?
My family and I are moving from the US to Ireland because my wife got a job as a nurse. What can I expect?
Mao restaurant
Anyone know how to change your constituency?
Anyone use/used magnet broadband provider before in the countryside?
I fucking hate tea
Fine Gael Manifesto 2016.
The medics responsible for a litany of blunders
Ireland's Easter Rising and how history is being twisted in celebrating the struggle for independence
Sinn Féin will back monument to IRA gun-smuggling ship if Kerry council backs plan to commemorate the Irishmen who died as Munster Fusiliers
Self-employed see earnings rise at faster rate than wages
Landmark family law changes to see single fathers to get custody rights
Welcome to County Cork, Ireland.........
Fitzgeralds in Adare - nice touch
Anyone here on the 48 network? Just saw their package for €20 with 8 gigs and calls and texts to all networks. Just wondering what it's like considering they're using 3's coverage.
Cllr Kate O'Connell opposes anti-fluoride motion being supported by Sinn Féin and Independents
Brexit would mean return of border in the North, warns Kenny
Body found in the search for Michael Bugler.
Rebellion on RTÉ: "Did the writer, Colin Teevan, set out to write ahistorical shite, or was it accidental ignorance? "
January 8th, 2010. Never forget.
Paul Murphy TD outlines AAA–PBP and objectives for the next election
Court runs out of potential jurors in Anglo executive trial: "a person must not serve if disqualified or if they had any “strong views” on Anglo."
Anyone else just see the "Shenanigans" on RTE Six One
Be careful out there
Ryanair pilot refused to fly undocumented cash
What in your opinion is the elephant in the room in Ireland at the moment?
Ireland may require referendum to end religious bias by schools
I know Joe.ie is generally despised here but..
"Criminal Banks, Politicians And Police Are Driving People To Suicide In Ireland!" Unbelieveable and you people are clueless
Is it possible to rent somewhere in Ireland that doesn't leak?
Irish Times General Election Predictions
Am I being paranoid?
Why is the 1916 rising not commemorated every year with something like a national holiday, like independence day in the U.S. and Bastille day in France?
Planning Ireland trip for group of 20...
Anyone else notice the moon is really low tonight at midnight??
Who's doing the music on the late late?
Jobseekers while trying to be self employed
Australian here. Great grandparent was Irish. Any chance of citizenship?
ELI5: the Housing Crisis
Are there people on /r/ireland who don't really care about the 100th Anniversay of the Easter Rising?
A letter from the TV license office
Hitchhike to Moher?
What is this address, and how do I understand it?
Ireland’s Bank Robberies.
"I use the potato as a proxy for the ontological study of the human experience."
How to Rescue the Irish Language
Social Democrats announce Election manifesto
"It's worse than useless, gets all the key things wrong" - US professor gives his view on Banking Inquiry
Johnson Controls to Buy Ireland-Based Tyco for $16.5B, Move Offshore
Things that dont go better with Coke - like throwing a Coke bottle at a judge.
WORLD NEWS: issue 6
Ethnic distribution of British and Irish in London
Arlene Foster's fury at US video describing Orange Order as supremacists and claiming anti-Catholic discrimination is rife in Northern Ireland - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
TIL that Garda dont need to get a warrant or have a judge to sign off before accessing phone and computer records.
British PM David Cameron 'backs Fine Gael/Labour plan for recovery'
Digital Strategy for Schools 2015 - 2020 (pdf)
Literary Tourism Outside of Dublin
For the last month I've had to listen to clowns talk about draining the Shannon. But when Irish Water want to divert a tiny amount to Dublin some of those same clowns oppose it.
Green Day Angelus
Tests on Roscommon water finds chemical linked to cancer
David Drumm’s lawyers write to judge over bail
Cork Gardaí came across a very cute lost dog and uploaded a photo to Twitter.
360 aerial pano of Galway City.
Healy Rae on drink driving, ‘If a person goes out and has a little drink, they’re hurting no one’
Do you guys believe the government should be accountable for the flooding cricis and should be subject to the kind of abuse that woman threw at minister Covney on the 6 one news tonight?
Anybody having issues with the Three network? This guy is having an issue or two.
Deliverance 2015. 'She went vote hunting in the backwoods and got more than she bargained for'.
[Oculus Rift] The pre-orders have started. But be warned, the total cost, after shipping and import duty for Ireland, is €912.66
[Discussion] Is it hypocritical of PIRA supporters to condemn "dissidents Republicans"?
Bisexual woman loses legal bid for refugee status - Woman claimed she fled her native Nigeria after her family threatened to kill her
Need help with disabled sibling.
Anybody figure out how to manually set dns servers with Virgin Medias new 360mb modem?
Can someone find the cunt with the wheezy voice in all the ads and give him some fuckin strepsils or something?
LGBT and gender quotas. How do these work.
DDOS attacks on boards.ie and government sites
where can I find unsalted (not cured) pork ribs in Dublin ?
The Luas: Fine or no fine?
ELI5: Denis O'Brien
Has anyone seen the American released version of the Snapper?
Appreciating Cork this evening before Gertrude fecks it up.
Just behind the aquarium in salthill we have a new one, with cars instead of fish.
No paddy's day parade for sydney
the alt text on the images in this article contains another article debating the evilness of Oliver Cromwell
Phil Babb Nutcracker
Only one in four road defects being repaired - report
Kilkenny reintroduces the Ducking Stool after 400 years . Pictures of first ducking released.
His Town Flooded, So Naturally He Wakeboarded Down The Streets
Survey finds 95% of homes for rent too high for rent allowance [also why is the Irish Times repeating the bullshit that 13,000 social houses were *built* last year - it was 28]
Donnelly v Noonan on Anglo bond
Catholic Church’s Hold on Schools at Issue in Changing Ireland- New York Times
As seen on RTÉ News
Sundayworld.com's most read stories of 2015
App that reports current Leap balance and real-time information on Android
Customer dwelling in Ireland experiances Amazon Dildo horror
21-year-old Northern Irish woman to stand trial for 'attempting abortion' | Crime | News
The Tatooine Cycle. | The destruction of Dá Thféider's hostel
TIL there's a plan to reintroduce wolves to Ireland that has the support of the Irish Farmers Association.
Paul Murphy remanded on bail ahead of Jobstown trial · TheJournal.ie
Season 2 of Making a Muderer
Places(Activities) to meet people that dont involve pubs
Advice J1 San Diego
Did you move to Cork from another country in the last 10 years?
Piratebay no longer blocked?
Would you allow yourself to be Knighted by the Queen?
Which is nicer, Cork or Galway?
Selfies are cuntish
Irish podcasts?
Drivers license stolen. Reported it stolen, is the guarda report enough to show if I'm stopped?
What book are you currently reading?
Does anyone know of you can go on a J1 if you're repeating a year of college?
A Dublin school’s holding early-morning raves to wake up its students
Gsoc defends accessing journalists’ data
Fine Gael’s new mantra is built on a false premise
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my ssa
Ireland's oldest citizen dies aged 109
Rory Gallagher- wave myself goodbye live
What is your stance on Syrian refugees being settled in Ireland?
Do you support a "non-standard" political party (i.e. not one of the Big Four)? If so, please join in this thread and try to convince the rest of us.
Asylum seeker to sue state over food at Waterford Centre.
British people are proud of colonialism and the British Empire, poll finds
Irish Actress Kate Winslet Wins Golden Globe
A chrome extension for filtering out items that don't ship to Ireland on Amazon
Super Black Pudding!
[ireland] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:asaasoolaglsan
Will 2016 be the year we achieve gender equality? Are we complacent or brainwashed into thinking men are better at making decisions?
Former SDLP mayor defends MBE
I managed to get and upload rte's coverage of Underworld - Born Slippy in Electric Picnic
Ireland: Low tax, low spend? - "Overall the data for Ireland is consistent with that of a low tax and low spend economy by EU standards."
Settle an argument - how do you pronounce Siofra? ...
Keep it classy Ireland!
Bodhran Solo by Josselin Fournel (DOOLIN')
There are """"people"""" on this website who would vote for the BETA male that is Enda Kenny over this Alpha!
Vodafone are a shower of robbing bastards, 3 euro a minute to talk to customer support?
The effect that the Late Late Toy Show had on porn consumption in Ireland is quite shocking
How can there be such inconsistency in the same court with the same judge for similar offences?
Gay Byrne is actually a horrible condescending cunt
Threw away my school years. Now want to actually do something with my life, need advice.
Just looking for answers
Lamb S&amp;M contraption on Late Late Show
Need help figuring out if a village even exists anymore.
Our UPC/Virgin Media Internet service is awful
FFS What's the story with the N11 Gorey service station? I was bursting for a piss when I reached it yesterday, but it's still not fucking open...
Help needed finding giant cat head in Ireland.
Train Room - Horizons
Was there any more to Dev cheating execution in 1916 than being born in New York?
Whoever made that "you're Irish" bot, could you shove it up your backside?
Sticking it to the canvassers
Any Oculus Rift owners here?
The 1916 Easter Rising Audio Trail app on Google play
Roscommon-bred Limousin is top young bull .
Social Democrat's Manifesto
Picture of Irish potato sells for €1 million
75% of those who took part in Dublin drug rehab clean after two years
This isn't about the Facebook post.....but the comments people are leaving about it. There are some nasty people out there!
John Bruton takes issue with the Easter Rising commemoration. Again.
Americans trying to understand Hurling
440 suspensions in one year at school with 353 pupils in Northern Ireland
"There are any amount of niggers living hereabouts and we Irish as a rule don't care for coming too much into contact with those absurd folk." — Tom Clarke, first president of the Irish Republic
How Government monitors our phones is shrouded in secrecy - Independent.ie
SONDER Ireland
We're apparently the 18th best country in the world
The Indo's coverage of CAB investigation of Denis O'Brien
Anti social housing leaflet - Dublin City Council have just declared war on Finglas"
SONDER Ireland -Sit back, relax and prepare yourself for an overwhelming sense of pride or an inherent need to visit this great and green country of Ireland!
Tánaiste facing motion of no confidence after Begg apointment
1916: Today’s Government is elevating an event that is violently anti-British and intensely anti-unionist
Hey boys I'm Hannah and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Don't think.. just look through the pics of this kinda fancy house.
€265k taxpayer spend on Leinster House carpets branded 'scandalous' by flood victims
Irish consumers haven’t felt this good for 10 years
Irish Times- Corrib gas protesters did State some service
[ireland] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Anyone here ordered from dabs? Its cheaper than anywhere else for my powersupply but ive never ordered from them
How Irish are you Quiz?
That's some good historical accuracy there, RTÉ
Giant's Causeway
Spanish Parade, Galway City, Ireland c.1910 / 2016
New jobsbridge position advertised in Dept. of Social Protection. Description and responsibilities attached. Ideal candidate must be available to travel nationwide and will work closely with the Minister in carrying out her duties. Must have own wellies.
Employer paying me incorrect hourly rate. (more)
I give Collateral and Non Collateral loans
What is the current state of Irish youth?
Anyone NOT with Virgin Media having Netflix issues
Meteor Mobile Broadband
What would you recommend to a college student who has 0 plans for the summer?
Help with J1 and shit? Bit of a unique situation.
Anyone doing FE1s (Law Society entrance exams) in March?
Is it snowing where you are?
Need help finding a song for a film project
Recommendations for cool (not expensive) things to check out in Dublin.
Dail quotes' in TD's newsletter don't exist
Dundalk Travellers told to put children into foster care
Hope will turn to anger as reality of our spending power hits home - "New EU rules will limit how much the next Government can spend - it's a lot less than we think"
Is there any tradition of Anarchism in the Republic or the North?
Long Exposure shot in Connemara
What is Ireland's view on marijuana? Thinking of moving there, but love my herb.
Central Bank to issue new coin to commemorate 1916 Rising | Irish Examiner
Love/Hate’s Nidge and Trish to reunite for TV3 Rising drama Trial of the Century
Noonan orders review of insurance sector, particularly motor costs
Multiple sources report that Conor McGregor vs Rafael Dos Anjos and Holly Holm vs Miesha Tate set for UFC 197 on March 5th
Criminal Assets Bureau Seeks to Question DOB on Tribunal Findings
“Unfortunately, no matter what measures you do, if there are more people coming in the door than you can get out the back door, you’re going to face overcrowding,” said Minister Varadkar.
"View all 164 replies"
Taoiseach De Valera detonating bomb in Dun Laoghaire Pier
Taoiseach decides election date ... will reveal it at later date
Fair play to Google Street View
Muslims denounce immigration website as fake
Really SocDems, this is your cover photo? XD
Dail to discuss putting McGregor on €1!!!!
The Corporate Tax Dodge Continues
Kelly’s smaller apartment sizes cannot be built, says RIAI. ‘Not possible’ to design apartments to new minimum sizes as smaller rooms won’t fit
How would Ireland have likely developed as a country over the past 300 years, had they been independent from England? (x-post from /r/AskHistorians/)
Would you bang Sinéad O'Connor?
lotto.ie offile - looks like they are being DDOS'ed
Irish reddit users with New daily persistent headache?
8 years later I can't stop saying "what's pat-a-cake pat-a-cake about me?"
SONDER Ireland - a visual journey capturing spectacular views from above and below some of Ireland’s national treasures and tourist havens! Breathtaking!!
If government elections were to be held tomorrow what party would get your number 1?
If Sinn Fein get into government who will be Minister for Children.
Some brilliant pictures of the Rising
Sink hole in Dame St
Final meter reading with Irish water - only if you call today
If an Islamic terrorist group ever establishes itself in Ireland...
What time were the first 9/11 news reports broadcasted in Ireland?
does any body know if there's some where other the RTE to watch "the rubberbandits guide to 1916" as i find the RTE Player shiiiiiiiittee?
Coming for honeymoon in June, trying to figure out what we can't miss in Killarney and LaHinch. Any help appreciated!
How to go about Leaving Cert History Project
What's everyone going to do in the first weekend of 2016 ?
Varadkar backs abortion when woman’s health is at risk
Schools advised to have gender neutral toilets and uniforms.
Labour document claims Renua is ‘to the right of Trump’
Help fund the wildest sesh
Few too many Dutch mould down the pitches
Joe Higgins' Alternative Banking Inquiry Report | AAA
Picture This: You &amp; I
Is the Harvey Norman sale ever going to end?
Motorist stabbed while challenging youths who pelted his car with stones
Enda Kenny refuses to rule out going into government with known tax-evading crook Michael Lowry.
Ah it's yourself.......
Munster shock as Keith Earls close to Saracens switch
The Bram Stoker Bronze Bust Project
Minister for Sport to take "closer look" at reports John Delaney canvassed with Alan Kelly
Why does everyone on this subreddit type like a parody of an Irish person even though they type normally everywhere else?
Sunrise over Dublin Bay from Baily lighthouse, Howth
Lower Your Expectations - the Recovery is Settling In
Temple Bar commercialised at expense of culture, report finds | Irish Times
Music Video: Voynich - Night People
Beautiful work by Wind Energy Ireland. TV spots coming soon.
Are there any public commemorations for the Irish men and women who fought in the Spanish Civil War?
Tourists being denied access to pretty Donegal people
Families turn down social housing due to 'lack of space, garden or parking' - Independent.ie
Irish actor, Alan Rickman, dies at 69.
Ireland’s bank bailouts cost the country the equivalent of nearly 40%
Which one of you has a secret crush on me?
It’s Broadband Or No Flooding, You Can’t Have Both, Culchies Told
Fine Gael, “No Irish Here!” – A Flashback From 1938
Trim Courthouse. The shapes and shadows.
Vincent Browne - job discrimination!
Storm Gertrude brings ‘hurricane gust’ to Irish shores
Unintentional pun from Vice Sports UK
Guards in Westmeath are on the hunt for thieves they believe are responsible for stealing the coloured stones off of graves, when it's obviously just the birds.
A picturesque flooded field in Co. Limerick [3456 x 5184] [OC]
Starting an IT business.
Traveling to Ireland in early June. Need advice.
Optical Express, laser eyes, and pricing question
A little help if you wouldn't mind?
Where to search for rental property in Ireland/Leinster?
Best value i5 laptops
Has anyone ever ordered form pixmania?
Can you bring a bike on a train?
Date ideas in Dublin city?
Looks like we won't be winning the Euro vision song contest again
Hello there Ireland! I have a question for you, coming all the way from Canada! What is the best online resource to learn to speak the Irish language? (is Gaeilge the correct term?)
Eircode hiring ex-civil servants is ‘scandalous’, consultants “won the lotto” claims TD
Kelly’s smaller apartment sizes cannot be built, says RIAI
IT: Doctor builds large house, doesn't like that it's lost value. Defaults on mortgage and goes to Oz; whinges about
The Irish actor, the Iraqi producer and the gangster film scam
African Toddler Refusing To Eat Greens Reminded About Starving Children In Ireland
RMS Tayleur, lost at Lambay Island 162 years ago today.
Help Craig Butler be the first out gay surfer on the world longboard tour
Election Candidates &amp; Decriminalization.
Creighton Launches Scathing Attack on Denis O'Brien
Ireland and Apple tax arrangements front page news on tomorrow's Financial Times.
Are you pro or con for refugees in Ireland?
Irelands favourite porn searches (WWN)
Ireland is complicit in raising global inequality Corporate - Tax regime allows global giants to avoid paying their fair share
Ever been mugged &amp; assaulted? What's the best course of action?
Send your enemies glitter Ireland
Catholic Church’s Hold on Schools at Issue in Changing Ireland
Well since no one had the manners to ask yet, how are we all doing today?
Are these common in Ireland or should I be worried?
Google's 1916 Tour - xPost /r/DevelEire
Can anybody here vouch for I-to-I Tefl?
Can I turn down one CE Scheme offer because I'm hoping to get on a different CE Scheme?
Need help with plannig the vacation to Ireland
Spent a few days down in Cork. Wasn't able to get a house share until the end of Summer. What should I try next? Anyone else in a similar situation?
Is anyone having problems with Boards.ie?
Anyone here go and see The Corrs in the 3Arena on Thursday?
Special considerations when driving abroad
What's the story with the snoo?
Do ryanair mobile Boarding passes work on a tablet?
A question about learner permits
Feeling pretty irrationally fucked over by Tesco today
Tesco abusing the rounding system: Part 2
Is Ireland just as good of a country as the USA?
Settle an argument, how do you pronounce Jim?
What the fuck is "a leg and a duck"?
Foreign Languages survey.
Has anyone here benefitted or seen anyone benefit from the bridge scheme?
Former top IRA official questioned over 1974 Birmingham pub bombings
Rose of Tralee visits Leitrim
Meanwhile in Ireland
Sean Penn and “El Chapo”: Operational Security Errors (Part 1)
Gardai and GSOC carrying out SEVEN investigations into journalists and their sources
Planners knew of flood risks to €550m motorway - expert
Ireland has limited shelter against Brexit storm
Stepping up the production..
After the deluge, 'shock to the system' cold snap is due to set in - Independent.ie
[AMA Request] Blindboy Boatclub
Could we do a bit more for this lot this year? /r/100yearsago
Enda Kenny furious at suggestion he took part in ‘illegal’ emissions scandal
Saoirse Ronan Power Sharing Deal Reached
Channel 4 bows to pressure - Shelves Famine Comedy
Welcome to...... Carrick on Shannon
Posting photos like this on fb, what do these girls expect?
Able Table. A universally designed table which was featured on down to business today.
Sorry Hillary, it's Dublin only.
Rent a small cabin for 1 month. Alone
Request: Looking for a Nigerian business partner.
Trying to understand
Here is the solution to your financial woes.
J1 Visa advice
For Any Derry City Fans Who Might Be Out There...
Anyone know of any communes in Ireland?
Anyone off to the Euros in the summer?
What sort of questions should I be asking politicians who come around canvassing?
Irish in Primary School.
Car insurance when you just bought the car
Anyone here work as a delivery driver for online orders from a major supermarket?
Does anybody know when this storm season is projected to end?
Anyone here reported streetlights not working to airtricity?
Why is sex education in Irish schools so terrible?
the brilliant pictures of the rising
#IrishGameDev Podcast
Paul Murphy remanded on bail ahead of Jobstown trial
Give Me a Crash Course in . . . Gsoc’s secret access to phone records
Irish food shops you should visit if you get the chance
Lads in shorts in cold weather . What's that about?
Enda Kenny knows election date, but is not sharing: Developers’ potential legal action over banking inquiry could affect timing of poll
Michael Lowry loses High Court challenge to Moriarty tribunal. Former Fine Gael minister engaged in a ‘litany of falsification and deception’, rules judge
"Everyone's entitled to one mistake"
PJ Mara has died aged 73
Here we are lads, the (un)official reddit compilation of Irish Ballads on spotify. Hope you enjoy!
Pair try to hijack taxi with pizza cutter, court told
How effective were the IRA during the War of Independence?
Arlene Foster right on Easter Rising and the Somme
lads i'm back again, another dusty, crusty, warbly, mellow tune, some old tv snippets, some MF DOOM, some rhodes. it's a whale of a time really. (original acapella is one from DOOM &amp; Madlib, called strange ways.
If you like Sean Nós you'll love this.
Feck Off January
Not sure if I want to try these made with Knob Butter...
A new burglary law has come into operation today which will target repeat offenders with consecutive sentences and the option for bail to be denied.
Long exposure of the Stillorgan dual carriageway I took
If government elections were to be held tomorrow what party would get your number 1?
Nicky Byrne - Sunlight Official Lyric Video Eurovision 2016
Arrogant Aussie sports pundit thinks Ireland should be part of the UK: "It's a whole Irish joke"
Things getting worse for Cllr. John O’Donnell (McElvaney's buddy)
Bill Clinton referred to 'all those crazies' in the UUP during peace process
The video for 'Frostbit Boy''s debut single REALLY has to be seen to be believed
Advertisers and the quest for your data in Ireland
A year in the life of two Irish 'moderate' drinkers.
Anyone have any clue about the Jobseeker Benefit interviews?
"The All-England champions Dublin". When does the carnage end?
What part of "If possible refrain from using when tram is full" don't Luas users understand?
What's the story with this TTIP yoke?
With all the 'don't call it the British Isles' and 'Saoirsegate', would we care if they wanted to rename the Irish Sea to something else? What could we call it instead?
Cork family torn apart by need for medical cannabis, heartbreaking interview from today (15m)
whats your immediate reaction/ feelings when your smart phone has been stolen or lost while away from home?
(Advice) Experiences renting a Barge on Shannon
Just launched an app to alarm you when X bus is Y minutes from Z stop. I am looking for feedbacks.
Brazilian nights in Dublin?
Why are the bodies of the executed 1916 leaders still buried on the grounds of Arbour Hill prison, which is now used as a special prison to house child molesters, rapists, and other sex offenders? Isn't this kind of embarrassing and disrespectful?
Need ideas on areas to rent in Dublin
Is there snow in Wicklow Mountains?
Hi guys, I'm in the market for a kayak.
Sinead O'Connor booed at the Bob Dylan 30th Anniversary tribute concert (1992)
UN Child sex abuse scandal
Does anyone know where this is?
Vodafone launches TV service - Irish Times
Banking inquiry: Burning bondholders ‘could have saved the State €9bn’
Judge awards €90,000 to woman who dislocated her thumb after slipping on a wet floor
Help Australian researchers understand happiness--2 minute study
Artificial Intelligence engine puts Northern Ireland Business on the global map
Europeans, avoid shopping on Pixmania from now on. They're going bankrupt, accepting orders and won't deliver [X-post /r/hardware]
Potential kingmakers could shape next Dáil
Bit of a delay from Tullamore to Athone.
Maturashow: Amateur &amp; Hardcore Porn Video aa - xHamster
The Academic are being interviewed by Toazted Music live at 11am today from Eurosonic Amsterdam.
So patronising, it looks like a parody (which I sincerely hope it is)
Reminds me of when you're outraged that the bouncer won't let you in, but you're absolutely locked at the time
Banish daddy guilt: 10 tips for frazzled working fathers
What's with our crappy Internet?
Irish girls pics posted on PORN site
A Mauritian man has pleaded guilty to charges related to arranged marriages in Ireland that a court heard cost €7,000 each.
Intelligence units monitor 40 suspected Isil supporters
Cliff Taylor: Are we really going to let ourselves be bought off again by election promises
Michael Lowry urges High Court to halt alleged tax offences trial claiming his right to fair trial has been breached
Taoiseach anticipates vote on Eighth Amendment - but doubts referendum would pass - Independent.ie
Irish detective yesterday with a homemade rocket confiscated from dissident republican groups (x-post from /r/europe)
'My Generation...' Blindboy Boatclub - The Rubberbandits | The Late Late Show | RTÉ One
A New Year's Message From Uachtarán na hÉireann
St Valentine's remains are in Dublin, apparently...
Belfast reception for Northern Ireland and Republic football teams may spark massive loyalist protest, warns PUP.
Friendly with university staff...
Accuracy of the Voting Register?
Micheál Martin defends €30k top-up from taxpayer funding of Fianna Fáil
In 2013 I asked "How big do you think the 100th anniversary of the 1916 rising will be?" There has been a lot of accounts deleted since then.
High Court says businessman in tax affairs case can be named as Denis O’Brien
Cheapest place to get sim free phones
Something of a legal question...
Car Hire - By The Month?
Corrib Gas: Was it worth it? Yes.
Irish Times apologises before high court for defamatory comments made by anonymous users in the comment section of their website.
State Of Poor Healthcare: Ireland’s healthcare system the second worst in the EU according to latest survey
Vodafone TV tests net neutrality
Fact or fiction: Irish firm invents everlasting battery
MRW I live in Ireland and I see all these Americans complaining about the snow.
The Easter Rising 1916: photographic exhibition drawn from Sean Sexton's collection.
Politico.eu | Ireland’s big two parties fear rise of Sinn Féin - As an uncertain election approaches, political parties are circling each other warily.
Despite our problems, Ireland is one of the least corrupt countries in the world
Irish bar in france has Beamish sign under a Guinness one
Revealed: The Fine Gael guide to canvassing and how to lash the other parties
Putting together an Irish ballad playlist, any suggestions to go with what I have so far?
Religious discrimination by schools may face referendum
Labour councillor: Housing should be given to locals over asylum seekers - Will Paton has called for affirmative action for housing locals in Carlow
What's really happening with GSOC?
During the Rising, was there any ideological friction between Connolly's socialist ICA men and the Volunteers?
Ireland asked to take only 20 asylum seekers under EU plan. Government acknowledges ‘very low’ number of applications
How To Tell A Story -The Seanachaí (Eamon Kelly)
Ruairí McKiernan: Corrib gas protesters did State some service
When you order a half pint in Simons in Wexford
Connecting International Buyers with Irish designers and manufacturers @Showcase2016 in RDS Dublin, Ireland
Boards.ie is down, I repeat...boards.ie is down. (DDoS)
Geraldine Kennedy: This election will be different to any other
Stephen Fry on the Irish Language
Ryan Tubridy is talking to a "little person" at the moment. What do you think?
This is the shit we don't need - hatred
Bono mistakes a 'SF' sign for Sinn Féin while playing in San Francisco (x-post /r/cringe)
Settle an argument, how do you pronounce .GIF?
Munster Hockey claim responsibility for the Ladyball ads, claiming they wanted to highlight the inequality of other sports compared to hockey, or some such...
Ian O'Doherty: The lessons Europe is learning way too late - Independent.ie
Netflix to block region switching - Is the content on Irish Netflix even worth subscribing to?
LISTEN Irish school girl stuns music world with brilliant charity song Freedom Day
What's up with FÁS site?
Finally settled ireland
Solo traveling in Ireland for the first time and looking for anyone that would like to meet up!
What is a 'troll'?
Traveling and getting married in Dublin in march and need help.
Hardwareeversand.de Delivery Price?
Is there anyone here suffering from aspergers?
With all the people going on about the Brits claiming Irish people as their own...
Where can I buy a lumper?
Viola gets deeper into Irish Water
What can you tell me about the Digital Skills Academy?
UFC195 Duffy v Poirier stream
Do people from the Republic follow/support the Belfast Giants (Ice Hockey)?
The fun of a being a non-drinker in Ireland
Electric Picnic: What acts would you like to see the most playing at Electric Picnic this year?
Victoria's Way, Wicklow - where is it?
I know it shouldn't bother me...
PSA: If you're thinking about using pixmania in the next little while, you might want to think again
KILKENNIZER KILKENNY HURLING BRIAN CODY SPEECH
Can we talk about Liam Lawlor? Was it not shady AF?
Burton: SF cares more about republican friends than Republic
Why is €50m Eircode better than free Google Maps?
