Any good Islamic websites for new knowledge, content aimed at younger Muslims?
Do we have to pray to Allah in Jannah?
Can my mother or father be my witness on my wedding?
A Question.........
Marry someone whose deen is on point
Muslim Reform Movement: Is there wide support for this in the West?
How can i speak with a faqih?
What exactly is the history between Yasir Qadhi and Shias?
Ai'sha and The Prophet SAW [Emotional Story]
Question for the converts
Islamic Modern Clothing Brand, Incredible quality &amp; style. Business is failing, need your help Insha'Allah. [5th Update]
3 things we should avoid
Feel like you keep committing the same sin? You just try to stop but you keep falling into it again...
Question about Animals in Islam (Free Will)
I'm an Atheist very curious about Islam and hope to find a good book
Hadith Hadith Hadith
Mend your broken heart [Al-Jabbar]~ Bilal Assad
SURAH AL-QAF 50 SUDAIS
LPT: At Juma, put a bottle of water or orange soda in your shoes to make it incredibly obvious where they are in the shoe rack/sea of shoes all over the floor.
A brilliant response to the Cologne attacks and subsequent reaction
Can anyone please tell me what kind of dress this is? Or from which country?
The Hijab Challenge #Australia
» The Mawlid and the 5 Ms of Confusion: Overcoming Theological Complexes in Our Community
Chain Hay Dilan Da Punjabi naat Sharif by Umair Zubair Qadri
bangla waz 2015 by habibur rahman juktibadi - part 04
Exposing the FALSE &amp; Dangerous Theological Fallacies of the Christian Apologists
Role of a Modern Mosque with infographic
When your athaan app goes off in public.
Response to The Masked "Arab" Part 1: Sun Setting in Murky Water
Muslims donate 30,000 bottles of water to Flint, Michigan, during water crisis
الشـــرك بالله
‘Islam brought about a total change in me’
Purpose of life: Reason and revelation
Prophetic Medicines - Best collection of Islamic Medicines.
‪#‎Islam‬ ‪#‎Salah‬ ‪#‎PrayerTimings‬ in ‪#‎Jakarta‬, ‪#‎Riyadh‬, ‪#‎Kuala‬ Lumpur &amp;‪#‎Tehran‬ on January 14, 2016
List of the top 10 criminal names, Denmark.
Be careful of what you say
Is masturbation halal?
Toronto Imam: Muslims should hire only Muslims; do business only with Muslims
Children Are Starving To Death In Madaya, Syria
[Help] Haven't cried in so long. Hard heart and dry eyes.
Please help me understand Muhammed
The Problem of Linking Hijab to Oppression of Women
The Best Arabic Nasheed Ever
Would anyone like to quickly help me take my Shahada over Skype?
Women restricted in Islam?
I have a question for you
Praise be the Prophet and His Holy Messenger!
I just finished studying Sahih Al-Bukhari with my Sheikh today. Does anyone have any questions about the Book, I am willing to answer or get the answer from my Sheikh!
Quran question from non-muslim
What is Islam's view on aliens and life on other planets?
Question on interpreting the Quran
Balsamic vinegar haram?
I'm afraid I have committed shirk, and want to avoid it again.
Question on Zakat (Especially on Stock)
Pretty emotional message from Farris Barakat (brother of Deah Barakat who, along with his wife and her sister, was killed in their home just a year ago for being Muslim)
American Muslims,how do you feel about Donald trump and his campaign against Muslims ?
Why is Arabic important for Islam?
How to enter Paradise
Letter from Sheikh Nimr to his mother a month before his murder
#Islam #Salah #PrayerTimings for #today in #kualalumpur #Manchester #LosAngeles #Dubai
"Capturing Islam: Religion, Identity, and the Turn to Islamism" (Journal of Religion and Society)
I wrote a short piece addressing a common accusation against Muhammad ﷺ. That he was a pedophile. I'd appreciate your thoughts on it.
Marrakech to Host World Summit on Protection of non-Muslims in Muslim Countries
Walking in fear as a Muslim
Kodifikasi Al Quran: Sesudah Rosulullah ﷺ Wafat
Islamic Center group serves meals to homeless ... (Cincinnati)
9 historical Pakistani mosques that will transport you to another time
Israel spraying toxins over Palestinian crops in Gaza. The toxins kill all vegetation and source of food.
What does Islam say about "the benifit of the doubt" sorta thing?
The Jihadist Next Door: Channel 4 Documentary
Taking Off the Hijab
Beautiful conversion story to Islam
Does anyone not see the consequence of sexual oppression and victim shaming caused by Islam? Now you have generations of youth male who thinks women who doesn't follow a dress code doesn't deserve respect.
Meet Amaliah: The modest Muslim fashion website that aims to inspire young women
Does this really mean what it says? Killing non believers?
Repression and Radicalization: Identity Formation Among Muslim Youth Today
ISIS attacked Sunni mosques to start a sectarian war in Iraq. Shias gathered to rebuild &amp; paint the mosque.
Isreali jews roaming the streets looking for arabs
دعاء التوفيق في العمل من أهل البيت
Sharia law really isn't as scary as people make it out to be
Here is a silly, but I think an interesting question about extraterrestrials.
Opinions on Sufi Sheikh Nizam Al Haqqani
DAE feel like some of the sheiks and islamic youtubers are attention seeking?
Theology question:
Why is their a hatred from Muslims against Jews?
How do Christians Interpret this?
Muslim people's stereotypes about cats?
Hello there I would really appreciate it if someone here could help me (or anybody else here reading the thread) in dealing with stress?
Paper-marriage
By the one who's life is in my hand! - والذي نفسى بيدة - The Prophet (SAW) Makes a Prophecy [Must See]!
List of my favorite reciters
Question about political affiliation
If you hear Iqama, don't run, just walk faster.
This recitation made me shiver:
How come muslims refer to Allah as merciful?
My parents don't want me talking to Muslims
A Hindu with a question
What are your thoughts on the current debate between 'Dawah Man' and Imam Asim Hussain regarding the permissibility of mawlid?
Beautiful Recitation of the last part of Surat Al-Ĥashr (Shaikh Abdullaah al-Bukhaaree)
Wilders: Migrant men are Islamic testosterone bombs
Aaj Hum Kehta tu Hain Ka Hum. Full Video
সত্যিকারের শিক্ষিতা মেয়ে কারা | Who are actually educated women
It's worse than the rumours: #madaya civilians say rebels charged 100,000 SP ($250) for kilogram of rice ..
অবৈধ রোজগারের জন্য ইবাদত কবুল হয় না
Sahih Al Bukhari. PLEASE SHARE.
Is it haram to own an online store selling sex toys?
নেতৃত্ব | Leadership
Mural of Masjid Al-Aqsa Timelapse | Nye Armstrong
If This 1780s Southern Politician Fought Islamophobia, We Can Too
Prophet Muhammed (S) 's ring_ conspiracy against Uthman (RA)~ Shaykh Ha...
The Prayer, and Divorce - IlmSource
The Fault In Our Ummah
ফজরের নামায ঘরে পড়েন---বাড়িওয়ালাদের নির্দেশ
When you go on 'Pimp My Ride' and tell Xzibit that you're Muslim
40) Al-Ghafir (The Forgiver (God) ) [85] | Small Khadem
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people of round the universe ! Anonymous registration , no pays!
Malaysia's schools will start holding anti-ISIS talks for kids
Zakir Naik: Are Nursery Rhymes Halal? (PARODY)
I need your help.
Probably the realest video of a Jinn? (Don't watch if you fear them)
The Rape of Sweden
To what extent was Sheikh Nimr al Nimr's execution within Shariah law?
A Jew explains why Allah is the one and only God.
Surah An-Najm (first 25 verses recited by Mishary)
What are the pros of Islam? What would be the pros of allowing Muslim refugees into countries?
Question about Muslim beliefs.
Teaching Islam
Free Talk Friday - 01/29/16
Where can I learn Arabic online?
Dār al-Harb and my country
What do you think the future of Muslims is going to be like?
Im scared to become a Muslim. Help?
Should we as muslims believe in psychiatric drugs?
Assalamualaikum Hey does anyone have any good stories they can share about Islam?
Today's Ayat for Thursday, 2016-01-14 / 04 Rabi` al-thani 1437
What would you do if someone you love leaved islam?
How much of the Holy Kaaba is in its original state?
What does r/islam think of this quote about God?
Questions about Muslim beliefs.
“I was forbidden (to wear) [pure] red garments and gold rings, and to recite Qur’aan in rukoo’." - Ibn Abbas.
Do you know of any good beginner prayer books for my Dad to use?
MASS RAPE in Cologne Germany : Refugees STILL Welcome!
Large snake found in a grave.
bangladesh waz habibur rahman juktibadi full 2015- part 04
Late Imam Sheez Adeyemi body remains fresh many years after burial [old]
waj by habibur rahman juktibadi part 01
An amazing Quran of 18th Century
Etiquette of Hajj and 'Umrah
#MillionMealsForKids is aiming to raise 1 million meals for children in Syria in 2016. Please donate just $1 if you can.
إذا أحب الله تعالى العبد
"Dawah man" reveals his true disgusting sectarian colors. I advise you not support him or spread his material.
When Palestine is under Muslim rule, we say we rightfully conquered it. When Palestine is under Non-Muslim rule, we say it was unjustly stolen. Hypocritical?
David Cameron found out the hard way that Muslim women are not #TraditionallySubmissive
LOL omg its literally as if I'm watching south park in real life: Trump supporter asks Trump to get rid of every single muslim in the US........
The "Beautiful, Powerful, Amazing" verses of the Holy Quran makes will make you tearful (LISTEN).)
Killer Recitation by Hani Ar-Rifai Surah Al Fajr from the Holy Quran (Emotional)
Hey /r/islam I need help with any details regarding this video
My boyfriend cheated on me and I decided to take revenge on him, registers, and look me in the nick: Girl325 [islam]
Dolce &amp;#038; Gabbana Releases Its First-Ever Hijab Collection
Madaya: Syrian regime supporters share food photos to taunt starving civilians trapped in town
Yemeni Artist takes Photos of War and Turns Them into Images of Peace and Love.
When somebody says they want to ban halal but not kosher.
When worldnews starts going crazy again...
Atheist wants to convert to Islam
When you're Donald Trump
Three Levels of Faith: Islam, Iman, and Ihsan
10 Questions to ask your atheist friend that will leave them dumbfounded
Please refrain from burping during Jama'ah. It is a struggle to concentrate during salah while trying to hold my breath. Thanks u̶n̶c̶l̶e̶s̶ bros!
Islamic delemma
Saw her with another guy...
Idea on countering Islamophobia in the USA: wristbands declaring opposition to ISIS and terrorists
Need help with a muslim character in a story I'm writing
Im a mother of 2 and seek to end my marriage because i feel that I am financially, emotionally and physically abused. I am not allowed to work. Am i comitting a sin?
The Munchausen Trilemma in light of the Quran?
"Set free the captives and accept invitations."
Which is the best translation of the Qu'ran into English?
What is the purpose of religion?
The truth about Muslims in America
Today's Ayat for Tuesday, 2016-01-26 / 16 Rabi` al-thani 1437
Have you ever seen, felt or experienced Allah?
I firmly believe that shaving, trimming and cutting the beard is haraam except at Hajj when one perhaps can cut what is beyond the fist.
Today's Ayat for Sunday, 2016-01-03 / 23 Rabi` al-awwal 1437
Any suggestion of authentic Seerah of the Prophet PBUH
Islamophobia? Is It Possible To Have An Irrational Fear Of Islam?
Why don't we care about anti-Muslim abuse? (Al-Jazeera)
বাংলাদেশে বাবা মা'র সম্পদ বিভক্তিকরণের বোনদের যেভাবে বঞ্ছিত করা হয়
Is Saudi Arabia's ban on Catholicism un-Islamic?
A primer on all those fake Ali Ibn Abi Talib (radiallahu anhu) quotes that you find all over the internet
Less Than 2 Percent Of Terrorist Attacks In The E.U. Are Religiously Motivated
ان الله وملائكته يصلون على النبي
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my nnsi
Bangla Waz by Sirazul Islam Siraji নওমুসলিম সিরাজি
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my oaa
What makes people think Islam is violent?
البركه في البيوت
Top comment on /r/woldnews: Egyptians Muslims all that harassment and sexual molestation of women in the streets is 'their fault'.
আখেরি মোনাজাতে বিশ্ব উম্মাহর শান্তি কামনা
Re-Examining Banu Qurayzah Incident
Thoughts On Charlie Sheen's HIV &amp; Haram Sex
Since we all love Mawlid debates
Giving Out Moderator Status to people who are willing to join this Wikia to refuting WikiIslam and their lies... [First come, first serve] - Post on my Wall
Ex-Muslim renounces Islam by desecrating Quran
Do you guys prefer having background nasheeds when watching an Islamic video?
Russians being awesome
Why does Islam forbid homosexuality?
Shi'a and Sunni Scholars discuss the Middle East on Sky News
Looking for Beta Testers
Did Muhammed strike Aisha or did he push her?
Changing my name in Islam because it is too long
/r/islam Gaming Community!
Those of you who embrace feminism - I have a question.
Me and my fiance love each other but father says no to nikkah?
Is the law of Qisas applicable against a religious Muslim offender and an irreligious Muslim in a secular land?
"Verily the Hadd is a expiation." - Prophet Muhammed SAW
Why were the big four Sunni Imams students of Shia Imam Jafar Sadiq?
The true meaning of Hijab
"It is better for anyone of you to..."
Free Talk Friday - 01/01/16
sunni shia marriages - true story
Why do we still refer to hadiths when the Quran asks us not to?
Two things|| Take people to Hell –Mufti Menk 2016
And people still ask me, "Why don't the moderate Muslims speak up?"
8 Books about Remarkable Muslims
Russian Orthodox Priest Dmitri Smirnov: "The future belongs to the Muslims"
Mahdi Lock: The Accommodation and Promotion of Blasphemy
'Hundreds' of masked men beat refugee children in Stockholm
A heart touching Islamic Nasheed by A Bangladeshi young Hafiz
Crowdfunding for Muslim Community
Excellent android app for Arabic students. It has all of the grammar rules explained for every word in the Qur'an. So if you're going through the Qur'an and can't figure out why certain words are marfoo, mansoob, majooor, etc., then this will really come in handy.
THE SAND MONKEYS WILL RISE!!!! RISE WITH ME MY BROTHERS, TOGETHER WE WILL BRING ALLAH TO THE HEATHENS OF THE WEST
دور المرأة في نصرة الإسلام
'Islamic Republic' of Iran’s ‘STAGGERING’ Execution Spree: nearly 700 Put to Death in just over Six Months
Beautiful Recitation - Surat AL- Furqan (The criterion)
الفرق بين النصيب والكفل في القرءان
When Muslims admired the West and were admired back
الفرق بين البحر واليم
Islamic Relief USA responds to Flint, MI water crisis
Moulana Tariq Jameel Kabar Ka Pehla Sawal Special Bayan
anyone read M. Iqbal? What are your thoughts on his works?
Is 'millionairemakers' haram?
Please I beg my brothers pray for my Grandfather.
Daily Show: Dalia Mogahed Explains to Noah Trevor the Problem of Linking Hijab to Oppression of Women
Fiance told a lie?
Darqawi-Shadhili-Qadiri Thariqa / Murabitun
Islamic State's double standards sow growing disillusion
When Ibn Jibreen and Salmaan al-'Awdah Debated Ibn Baaz
Question that has been bothering me for a long time
Dua needed for my uncle.
Comparing Sunni and Shia and Ibadi?
What do you guys think of Zen and Art of The Motorcycle Maintenance ?
Widespread Antisemitism and Homophobia In Mainstream Muslim Culture.
Funny dialogue between an Indonesian ISIS member claiming to be a Quran teacher and the Muslim judge.
Some questions about the reckoning and on.
Why Salat/Prayer is very Important?
Is anyone else getting annoyed at how the 'bad' Muslim refugees are using their status to change culture in Europe?
A non-religious friend trying to sincerely understand the philosophical aspects of Islam.
What's the craziest spot you've prayed, and where were you/what were you doing at the time (out with friends, roadtrip, wedding, etc.)?
Posts with agendas on the front page
The difference between Satan's sin and Adam's sin
Adoption Question
10 month old Maria Begum only has one day left.
Sheikh Yasir Qadhi on sectarianism (re: yesterday's bombing of a Shi'a mosque).
Ascent - Climbing the UK's highest mountain (Life is one long hike. A group of young Muslims take up the challenge of climbing the UK's highest mountain for charity, reflecting on the greatest challenges they've faced in life along the way.)
☆AMAZING STORY OF A TABI'EE UWAIS-AL-QARNI☆
Love Marriage &amp; FairyTales
"Most of them were Sunnis, some of them were political prisoners.... I can say most were executed for their faith." US pastor released from Iran
bangla waz mp3 by habibur rahman juktibadi - part 01
Sufficient For Us | Small Khadem
Patrick Bowen, "A History of Conversion to Islam in the United States, Vol 1: White American Muslims before 1975" (Brill, 2015)
An article dedicated to the brothers and sisters with aspirations in changing the world, but don't know how nor what their role should be
[Metaislam]Not busy? No cards and stuff. Just sign up and sex
What is the capital of Afghanistan?
TIL about a Morman woman who had unusual marriages and who was literally named 'Zina'
Life with Allah, His Beautiful Names and Supreme Attributes|asmaul husna| 99 names of allah
How haram is it to have a pig sit in your lap?
X-Post Worldnews : The ISIS encrypted messaging app, widely reported in the media as a tool for plotting terrorist attacks, does not exist!
It is High Time to Discard the Pernicious Myth of India’s Medieval Muslim ‘Villains’
ISIS Refuted : Exposing The Extreme Ideologies And Barbaric Actions
I'm Single Broke &amp; Depressed! HELP!!!
Shi'a and Sunni scholar discuss Middle East and Shi'a Sunni unity on Sky News
How will you be rewarded for doing a good deed for God vs doing a good deed just for the sake of it?
Muslims are 'not like us', says former racial equalities chief Trevor Phillips
Bangla Islamic song “আল্লাহ তোমার অপরুপ সৃষ্টি দেখে জুড়াই এই দৃষ্টি" বাং...
Is it halal to kiss spouse on lips?
now that the scientific miracles are all debunked, why believe in islam?
women and Islam reading recommendations, especially the ruling on court testimony
السلام عليكم. Just wanted To ask some Questions?
Contradictions in the Qur'an ?
Man wraps Qur'an in bacon, tears out pages, shoots it with arrow and burns it
Concerns from a Christian
Analysis of Ismail (as) in the Bible
Know any good Islamic history books?
Mary (ra), Mother of Jesus (pbuh), Best Women to Have Ever Lived
Was Egypt ever under the reign of the muslims uptil Uthman (r.a.) ?
["Omar" TV Series] Episode 15 Discussion Thread
is Hijab obligatory?
[Meta] Introducing /r/JihadInFocus for analysis and discussion of contemporary armed jihadism
Good hardcopy translation of the Qur'an?
What are some common things Muslims do that are not allowed in Islam?
Motiur Rahman Madani | মতিউর রাহমান মাদানী
At Your Service Ep. 6: The Caravan of the Holy Prophet | مواكب الاربعين
Magic in Islam
How I feel about the reason for such outwardly hate towards our faith nowadays..
TOPIC: Who are the Salafiyyah Jadeedah (neo salafi)?
‘I went to join Isis in Syria, taking my four-year-old. It was a journey into hell’
Prayers for the people involved in the senseless attack in Burkina Faso.
An intimate conversation with Dr. Sherman Jackson
Why send greetings to our Prophet
حكم الزنى في الإسلام
Surat Al MA'IDAH, Verse 3. "This day I have perfected your religion for you, completed My favor upon you, And have chosen for you Islam as your religion."
Powerful speech on the state of the Ummah
مريم عليها السلام
FB page to remove misconception about Islam, with news post (oppression done to Muslims) , Hadith/Quran remainders.
Shia Iraqis in Babel (Babylon) stand in solidarity with Sunni Iraqis after a mosque was bombed by sectarian gangs.
Indian Islamic cleric says on Live TV he kill a Non Muslim if they insult Islam • /r/india
Iran Suspends Hajj Trips To Saudi Arabia Amid Spat
Muslims living in Europe and US, how`s life?
Is ISIS a Jewish plot to make Muslims look bad?
Islam and Homosexuality
Funny story about hijab
Handling Racial Comments?
is muzzie an insult word?
What is Islam's verdict on organ donation?
We have certainly seen the turning of your face, [O Muhammad], toward the heaven, and We will surely turn you to a qiblah with which you will be pleased. So turn your face toward al-Masjid al-Haram. And wherever you [believers] are, turn your faces toward it [in prayer]. ... [2:144]
What religion did Mohamed follow before God contacted him so to speak?
I have so much fear for my future.
Hadith of the fly
Muslim leaders plan summit on protecting non-Muslims in their midst
অনেক সুন্দর একটা গজল।”দূর হতে বহু দূরে” Bangla Islamic Song (Hamd)
The very first post on r/Islam
Encounter with Awliya of Allah | MuslimMatters | Shaykh Salih al Maghamsi
OnIslam is back but with a different name. Hopefully it doesn't go down again :P
This German has a unique solution for Donald Trump
THE RIGHTS &amp; DUTIES OF THE HUSBAND TOWARDS HIS WIFE
Shop the best islamic books online
Iraq cancels free healthcare system post-US invasion
Dr. Sohail Daulatzai - A look into the connection of Malcolm X and his connection to modern fear of Muslims
No Money To Marry | Islamic Marriage | Dust To Diamonds
Explosion in central Istanbul
Hundreds of Muslim workers fired after dispute over prayers
Seriously al-Jazeera Arabic? All these fake photos "from Madaya" are proof media/social media are NOT reliable
Sharia Courts: Modern Practice &amp; Prospectives in Russia [pdf]
بسم الله الرحمن الهر الجرد الوطني الرحيم
Suicide, depression and stress
الفرق بين النفس والروح
Learn Holy Quran
Islamic Content (English)
So why do you guys find pictures of Mohammed to be so offensive?
The Jerusalem Post
Online Quran Recitation Competition!
Christian done with Christianity
My problem with islam
George Galloway VS Zionsts https://youtu.be/oG-W0YbMUMw
Where did the practice of adding RA/PBUH to the end of Muhammad's name or just referring to him as "the Prophet" come from?
Why can't Muslims integrate into Western society as well as other minority groups?
Does Islam have violent past?
Any of you live in sweden??
Do you believe that the Qu'ran is the word of God?
Top voted articles on r/worldnews are absolute garbage!
In Islam, what happens to a person who claims to be the second coming of Jesus?
Ramadan tshirt for sale!
atheists reading and commenting on quraan on youtube chanel
Hajj and Jannah
My revert story
A simple and foolproof way of telling people what Islam is about.
How many times in the Quran does it say that "every soul will taste death/every soul tastes death?"
Salat Al Fajr - Morning Prayer
Question about nonmuslims under Sharia
I'd like to say Thank You everyone
The right to Life and to live.
Looking for completing half my deen
Opinion on placenta
Argent - Islam
Why are there scientific errors in the Qur'an if it's supposed to be infallible and the word of God?
Satan Honeytrap! #Reality
Shizuoka Muslim Association Runs Anime Video to Promote Mosque Construction Campaign in Shizuoka
The four stages of political fear mongering (including Islamophobia). Hope we don't all wind up in that last one.
I live in a 'terrorist house': police speak to Muslim boy, 10, over spelling error
Shaykh Hamza Yusuf | Book Recommendations
Very interesting read regarding the decline of the use of Arabic in Turkey by Arabs
I am getting into making videos, so I decided to do something constructive :)
Girl Scouts Built Tempe Mosque!
If you don’t believe country, honor and Allah can co-exist, meet these Muslim Boy Scouts
Why people become muslim? Must watch :)
داستان دین فراموش شده | www.muslims-us.org | RevealerTV
The Most Authentic Versions Of The Major Hadith Collections - IlmSource - Ustadh Abu Eesa Niamatullah
Wisdom of Repetitive Affirmation of Ruboobiyyah in the Qur'aan
Direction of Almighty [New Muslim] | Small Khadem
Forced Conversions!
Beautiful speech about worldly wealth by brother Muhammad Hoblos
Murder Rates of all countries. Not even a single middle east country in top 50. Yet they are projected as most evil.
We almost made it :(
An Open Letter to Young Muslims Everywhere: The Seed of Triumph in Every Adversity
I need serious help in distancing myself from a girl
I submitted a CMV about the inappropriateness of Muhammad (PBUH) and Ai'isha, I welcome your input there.
Why do you hate woman? Don't you feel any gratitude for being born by woman?
I am an apostate
Does ISIS represent Islam? Lets see..
Spying is a sin
Has Anyone tried this Islamic Meditation Program
Dear brothers and sisters, What do you think about this?
Asalamualaikum, to all my brothers and sisters, I am at rock bottom, I feel so alone and broken inside. I have let Allah down, please I need someone to talk to, advice. Anything.
The hidden importance of bees where known long before the scientific method or biology was developed.
I have an odd question
A Question for r/Islam regarding a situation in Northern Nigeria
I am considering converting to Islam. Can someone help me with some questions I have?
People in the US how is Life for you as a Muslim?
Are there any Islamic podcasts?
Having even hair for umrah
Please make dua for me..
Mathematical Proofs of Quran
Make dua for me please
[Question] Most Sunnis dislike idol worship, shrines, historic sites, etc. because worshiping anything other than God is a sin. With this in mind, why do Sunnis not destroy the Kaaba too? Can someone help me to understand the difference here? (more inside)
What a debate in the comment hilarious
Why I Left Music #ShortFilm
Sincerely confused San bernardino witness said 3 Athletic &amp; Tall white men
Canadian Liberal government backs Saudi Taghut
Egypt, five years later: A human-rights catastrophe of America’s making
Sunnat a Khatna For Muslim Male | Traditional Islamic Circumcision of Boy
What I, a 21 year old convert, get asked almost on the daily...
At Your Service Ep. 4: The Caravan of the Turkish Companion | مواكب الاربعين
Zabadani-Madaya: People have to eat cats and grass due to government Siege.
[islam] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Texas Police Won’t Release Video of High Schooler Ahmed Mohamed's Arrest
At Your Service Ep. 3: The Sheikh Al-Waely Caravan | مواكب الاربعين
Karbala Live: Is Visiting Graves Shirk? - Zahra Alawi &amp; Sayed Jafar Al-Qazwini
At Your Service Ep. 2: The Caravan of Fatima | مواكب الاربعين
ISIS Diss Track.. "A Message For My Enemies"
Open letter to the future ISIL recruit by Mustafa Akyol
[Infographic] Who is Nimr Al-Nimr?
Yusuf Estes Corrects QURAN Mis-Quotes
For the first time, ISIS beheads women civilians - because they're 'sorcerors'
Moulana Tariq Jameel Bayan in Crawly, UK
"I am a Muslim, not a terrorist. If you trust me, give me a hug."
"What makes Darwinism, i.e., natural selection, so compelling to so many otherwise educated people is that it seems very intuitive. But intuitions can be misleading" A great reflection on the topic by Brother Daniel Haqiqatjou.
The Meaning of the Holy Qur’an for School Children-great for beginners wanting to Understand Quran.
Imam Khalid Latif | Reflections Halaqa. A session about spending time wisely.
[meta] why is the german gang assaults by muslim immigrants being ignored?
[advice required] Getting married without my father present.
Wahhabi/Salafi/ISIS's main man Ibn Taymiyyah was not a muslim
So when should the Quran be moved to the fiction section of the library, or rather the horror section?
Assalamu Alaikum,I'm Aneesa from Las Vegas.
[META] Upvote/Downvote Manipulation on r/Islam
40 Days of Dhikr - Check in
Is it really that bad in europe right now?
Are the "five pillars" still relevant?
Benefit your brothers and sisters
Do you think the popular perception of Muslims today is better or worse than the immediate post-9/11 period?
“I am only a human being. When I command you with something regarding your religion, accept it. When I command you with something from my own opinion, then I am only a human being.”
Many years of missed prayers
Does anyone have any guidelines on how to divide charity (sadaqah) amongst relatives, orphans, etc?
How Muslims should respond to "The Jihadis Next Door" - Mission Dawah
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my iodt
Only 33% of Muslims work, lowest among all religions - Times of India
Shaykh Abdal-Hakim Murad answers a question concerning the Perennial philosophy
Shahroz - FACTS (Trump Diss)
Islamic Dream Interpretation
Justin Trudeau, PM of Canada, visits and thanks Ontario community as Peterborough mosque re-opens after fire.
What are some minor Sunnahs?
Ashʿariyyah: The Tricky Question, 'Your Qurʿānic Recitation - Created or the Speech of Allāh?' - troid.ca | Islamic Articles and Audio
The Ease of Sinning In the 21st Century
My favourite quote.
Quicken for Mac
Ya Allah Make Me Strong In Your Way | Small Khadem
Arbaeen Walk 2015 in 360° - Najaf to Karbala, Iraq (Walk with us and join the millions marching to Karbala. 360° Camera.)
It's astonishing how "Islamic Terrorism" comes up in an article like this, like seriously
Jamia Usmania Peshawer
"Aaishah is My Wife in Paradise."
Astronaut praying in space.
How orientalism is used to perpetuate wars in the Middle East
Hiya! Question
(Confession) as a kid sometimes, after watching horror movies I go read the Quran.
Muslim woman speaks out against Islamaphobia
I've heard that Muhammad's face shone like the moon? Can you provide the sources that say this?
How to Help the People of Syria?
I want to convert to Islam but have few questions
The newly growing Kaffirphobia industry
Girl I'm talking to drank alcohol on NYE, should I break it off?
Please explain these verses so I can convert to Islam
It scares me some people are leaving Islam
Iraq's oldest Christian monastery destroyed by Islamic State
/r/European is holding a "Draw Muhammad" [PBUH] contest. Beware
How do you people believe in a book that is just a fictitious story?
Communal riots erupted after Muslims led violent protest on Kamlesh Tiwari remark; curfew imposed
Can I greet muslims the same way as other-believers?
Today's Ayat for Monday, 2016-01-25 / 15 Rabi` al-thani 1437
Would you ever use a muslim dating app or website?
Burning people - always haram?
Is Runescape halal ?
Today's Ayah for Wednesday, 2016-01-27 / 17 Rabi` al-thani 1437
Great man saying a great thing.
Boy's Response To Blasphemy Charge Unnerves Many In Pakistan
How Orientalism is used to perpetuate wars in the Middle East
BBC Radio 4 - The Report, Tommy Robinson's Pegida Ambition
Telling the Story of the Prophet in a New Way: Meraj Mohiuddin
وجعلنا الليل لباسا
HOW FRANCE PROTECTED ISLAM BY BANNING NIQAB ?
Turkey: Court challenge against Friday prayer time off
#Islam #Quran #Muslim #Dhikr #Zikr Listen to 6 #Kalimas in MuslimMate
The 'Rosa Parks' of Saudi Arabia
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan with his family entering into the Kaaba. Dec. 30th 2015
TIL about the Zaytuna unit in the Korean army, a Unit composed entirely of muslim soldiers.
Islamic State's double standards sow growing disillusion
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [islam]
TIL that Imam Ghazali abandoned Asharism and embraced the Salafi theological method near the end of his life
Karbala Live: The Role of Zainab (as) - Zahra Alawi &amp; Sayed Jafar Al-Qazwini
اسرار لا اله الا الله
حكمه الله في خلقه
Dems to colleagues: Bring Muslims to State of the Union @CNNPolitics
Cultural issue or an issue with the "interpretation" of the religion?
Emotional|| Every hardship comes with three blessings for a believer~Dr....
