Arguing against blatant biggotry
Studying in English (Uni) in Israel?
What happens in Paris, doesn’t always stay in Paris
Palestine Liberation Organization was created in 1964. 3 years before occupation.
Switzerland 'made secret deal with PLO' after bomb attacks
an Israeli smartphone app that was launched this week, provides instructions on how to perform CPR.
Israel: cyber security at heart of Tel Aviv tech conference
In huge Israeli intel breach, US, UK have spied on air force for 18 years
Israel confirms it plans to seize West Bank land
Teen Otniel killer influenced by TV show, Shin Bet says
מתאים לימים האלו
היום יש לנו זמרים, פעם היו לנו אמנים
Palestinian killed by own bomb in attack on police in Jerusalem
A Left-Wing Hero of Brazil, Jean Wyllys, Comes Under Fire for Israel Trip, Anti-Palestine Comments
Some Pictures from Diving in Eilat Last Week
Israeli Arabs removed from flight at demand of Jewish passengers
Can someone fluent in Hebrew translate what's on Jewish rapper Mac Miller's hoodie?
Shit Anti-Israelis Say (Facebook page)
The big facebook experiment - ניסוי ההסתה הגדול בפייסבוק
Benjamin Netanyahu blasts UN's Ban: Your remarks are a tailwind for terror
Found this awesome Israeli version of Etsy, It only recently launched
Gang Stalking in Israel
Anyone else finding it messed up that a clickbait story about "Israel" banning a book about Palestinian-Israeli love reached the front page, but the terror strike in Tel Aviv today has gone completely unmentioned?
The Palestinian Music Scene Really "Kills"
Lebanese men proudly display 'Israeli spy vulture' captured while 'observing them'… only to realise the bird had merely been tagged by conservationists
Just curious: What is your well argued response to this opinion.
1700 year old grave stones unearthed
Israel doesn't play hurling
Three wounded in car blast at major Tel Aviv junction - criminal incident, not terrorism, according to police
French olim despair over work barriers in Israel
Woman killed in stabbing attack in her home in Otniel, terrorist at large
Egypt sends ambassador to Israel after three-year haitus
Tel Aviv turns out to support bar where Israeli Arab shot 2 dead
Not So Super Mario (made by Israeli comedians)
B'tselem defends executing Palestinians who sell land to Jews - Leftist 'rights' group on revealing identities of Arabs sellers to PA: 'only legitimate channel' to stop Jews from moving in.
Israel blasts Swedish FM for 'supporting terrorism, encouraging violence' - Wallstrom called on Tuesday for an investigation to determine if Israel was guilty of extrajudicial killings of Palestinians during the recent wave of violence, local media reported.
Teen (15) armed with machete attacks Jewish teacher in southern France
The Aristocrats: The Rothschilds
Israel to bar Sweden from any role in future diplomatic process with Palestinians
Shooting attack in Beit El.
Just a quick question guys
הנסיך המדליק מבית אל Fresh Prince of Beit El
American LGBTQ group cancels event with Israelis, later backtracks -- A Wider Bridge says group calls off encounter under pressure from anti-Israel activists; decision later reversed
ההוכחה שבנימין נתניהו לא הסית לרצח רבין the proof the Netanyahu didn't i...
Girl who made anti-Semitic remarks in online debate with Israeli student becomes first student expelled from major French university since 1872.
Bibi: Palestinians fed with fairytales on return to 1948 borders
Mein Kampf Used to Assault Israel
Angel Caught on Camera Flying in Israel
Reddit hookup. Best girls for f*cking in the world! Reddit recommend! [Israel]
Jewish Extremists Divide Israel's Right Wing — Even as Orthodox Take Reins of Security Services
WATCH: Trump promises to move U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem
Is it true that Israeli soldiers physically violate over 75% children that are in solitary confinement? Genuinely interested to hear both sides of the story.
Challenge. Can r/Israel find me an authoritative map of Israel's borders on an official Israeli government website?
How would you guys feel about having a Palestinian in the family?
Are you worried about the demographic future of Israel?
Birthright Trip Tip - Sharpen Your Hashtags!#isthataterrorist #yeahitisrun
At terror memorial, French PM laments Jewish emigration
Former president Shimon Peres in stable condition after suffering light heart attack
Donald Trump embraces transfer of US embassy to Jerusalem
Auschwitz price-fixing claims: Israel police arrest nine
At the Knesset, a Meeting of the Minds to Discuss Religion as a Conduit for Peace
Israeli woman, 23, dies of wounds from Palestinian stabbing - Times of India
Cabbie killed in Tel Aviv named; gag order on murder remains
"Settlers break into Palestinians homes" can anyone explain what's happening here? I really doubt it's just a bunch of settlers randomly deciding "hey, nice houses, let's break in and bring the IDF with us"
Where Does All That Aid for Palestinians Go? - An outsize share of per capita international aid, even as the Palestinian Authority funds terrorists.
Op-Ed: The Creating Change Protest Was Pure Anti-Semitism
why peace is unreachable now.
Coalition proposes affirmative action bill for arabs who served in the IDF
כשהתקשורת בארה"ב מנסה להבין מה המשמעות של כוס אחותך
America's 'Jew Boy' in Tel Aviv
Anonymous messaging app Blindspot heavily criticised in Israel
The EU spends 19 million euros on "democracy and human rights" projects (anti-Israel NGOS) in Israel/Palestine. It spends 5 million in the Congo and 7 million in Russia, which are the next highest
'India, Israel can do a lot more for the world': Netanyahu
TIL that a single Chinese ICBM hitting Tel Aviv could kill over a million Israelis
ועדת החינוך: לאסור על "שוברים שתיקה" להיכנס גם לקמפוסים
Stop the incitement, stop the killing - Relentless Palestinian extremism has now even managed to persuade the center-left opposition that Israeli readiness for compromise is insufficient. What’s needed is a unified effort to stop the Palestinians filling their people’s heads with murderous hostility
Two wounded in suspected terror stabbing in Binyamin region
A Defense: Why we (the anti-Germans) are pro-Israel - Bunker Magazine
Israel's Human Rights Activists Aren't Traitors
Is anyone here familiar with the Tav Chevrati? I'm part of a group that's working on something similar in the US and want some input.
[Meta thread]: off topic discussion
The Israel-Palestine conflict: a brief, simple history - Vox
Israelis slam LeBron James over local hero Blatt's firing
The Israeli city where coexistence is alive and kicking
Looking for a ring in the garbage dump
Two Minor Complaints About The New Theme's Text Post Editor
5 רעיונות מדהימים למתנות אישיות
OECD report: Israel is corrupt, poor, and happy
My wife and I are stuffed at the Waffle Factory in Jerusalem. Someone come roll us out.
Declassified Hillary Emails Reveal That She Distributed to Staff "I Hate Israel Handbook"
The Israeli army unit that recruits teens with autism
“Israel is not the problem, Israel is the solution" – Son of Hamas
משרד הפנים מנע פרסום עשרות עיתונים בעשור האחרון
The Hateful Eight Years: Frontline’s documentary about Bibi was strange and surreal, just like the foreign policy questions with which it grappled
CAMERA: Washington Post Erases Nearly One Million Jews From History
In Hebron, A City Hit Hard By Violence, A Palestinian Preaches Nonviolence
Harvard Business School Opens Global Research Center in Tel Aviv, Israel
כבר לא ממלכתיים: חילונים מבקשים זרם חינוך עצמאי - חינוך וחברה - הארץ
Swedish Embassy Retweets BDSHole Who Justified Calls To Shoot Jews
Remembering Alon Bakal, one of the victims in the Tel Aviv shooting attack
ezbollah sets off large border bomb targeting IDF heavy vehicles
What are some websites that sell a lot of books in Modern Hebrew?
Questions about learning Hebrew.
Palestinians oppose two-states, support terrorism, and appear to support apartheid
Chinese President Xi Jinping Backs Palestinian State Leaving Netanyahu Redundant and Isolated
Want To Fight BDS? Drink Up. - There’s no more pleasurable way to support Israel than to enjoy the exceptional wines made in Judea and Samaria.
India looks to Israel to help build security fence
Ynet goes the way of Buzzfeed
‘Time to help them’: Israeli justice minister calls for independent Kurdish state
A Pro-Hamas Left Emerges
Seeds of Peace: Ayman Odeh’s unlikely crusade.
How Israel Brought Gaza to the Brink of Humanitarian Catastrophe
Songs in praise of stabbing are huge hits on Palestinian street, and may be motivators too: ‘Lovers of Stabbing,’ most popular of stream of gruesome anthems, has over 5 million views on YouTube; manager of band asserts it directly inspired recent attack
Fighters of brigade 401 in the Golan Heights
MK Yona asks for tycoon Rami Levy to be banned from Knesset
Dear Friends of Israel, As Hillary... - Rabbi Shmuley Boteach
Thoughts on IDC MA Government - Diplomacy and Conflict ?
Where can one watch Ruggero Gabbai - Starting Over Again?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜
Bogus translation of "Existenzrecht israels"
Under what circumstances will the two state solution no longer be viable?
Help applying for a work visa!
A question to the Americans.
Can someone help me in my search to watch an Israeli football match?
The caliphate eyes the Holy Land
Honest reporting - "Israeli guard shoots dead 13-year-old Palestinian girl"
Saeb Erekat freaks out at Bibi's overtures to Arabs (and justifies terror attacks)
Israel approves mixed-sex Jewish prayer site at Western wall
UK's Cameron asked to intervene in case of Scottish woman who died in Eilat
The interior minister can deny a license to open a newspaper if the editor has ever been in jail. The interior Minister Aryeh Deri, spent 2 years in jail
Our "favorite" woman in Sweden strikes again. This time: Examining execution of terrorists.
The Genocide Of The Palestinians
Israel attacks Hamas military, terror targets in Gaza in response to rocket fire
Database of israeli students and teachers exposed in the dark web.
Martin Indyk Caught Lying About Binyamin Netanyahu
Things I Learned In Israel!
שומרים על ישראל מבפנים ממשיכים את המאבק בשתולים
Why is Capoeira so popular in Israel?
Tel Aviv University student database hacked and published on The Dark Web (x-post from /r/deepweb)
Jerusalem balances security with accessibility in protecting bus stops
Lawmaker: Obama Admin Fueling Campaign to Destroy Israel
Bigger partners, bigger risks: The cybersecurity challenges of scaling a startup
A nice podcast about Israeli craft beer. There are some great local options to enjoy.
Hillary's Emails: Hating Israel: Released emails reveal just how deeply Clinton and her advisers despise the Jewish State.
בלי בג"צ ובלי בצלם: כך ניצחה מדינת ישראל באינתיפאדה הראשונה
Palestinian Media Watch report on Palestinian Authority anti-Semitism (PDF)
ایران سے پابندیاں اٹھانے پر اسرائیل ناراض
Turkey and Israel need each other, says President Erdoğan
Israeli thoughts on Assyrians?
Report: Hamas Accelerating Its Tunnel-Digging Operations Toward Israeli Border Towns
Former Russian TV anchor: Fight anti-Israel media bias
Hamas Democrats and Israeli Dolphin Spies
I keep getting banned from world news for standing up to bigots. Just thought you should all know how badly that sub sucks.
What's the difference between bedouins and arabs?
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my dgn
Dentsply, Straumann Said to Weigh Bids for Israel's MIS Implants
Netanyahu accuses Ban Ki-moon of 'encouraging terror'
The real reason for the Palestinian intifada
Evident.io Director of Corporate Communications Selected for U.S. Cybersecurity Leadership Delegation to Israel
Anti-Semitism drives record-high Western European immigration to Israel -- Amid rise in attacks, 9,880 make aliya in 2015, including almost 8,000 from France
Yalla - Israel worse than N. Korea &amp; ISIS?
In the Western Galilee, an amazing discovery has been found! A 1,700 year old inscription.
Israeli Holocaust survivor, 112, likely oldest man in the world
Israel, Greece and Cyprus to explore gas pipeline to Europe
What Israel’s spate of high-profile sex scandals says about its culture: Feminist therapist Beth Offer, who counsels rape victims, thinks the flurry of recent accusations by women is a sign that Israeli society is maturing
Swedish MPs challenge Wallström to debate over Israel comments
Israeli actors set to star in Game of Thrones
What is the average IQ of Israel?
Scuba Diving in Eilat this spring for the first time - Where to go and how to do it?
אשכול אקטואליה ודעות בעיברית (כדי לבלבל את האויב)
Adelson newspaper suggests Swedish foreign minister deserves assassination for questioning Israeli policy
Hamas ready for the next round, IDF tells Gaza border community residents
Hillel should abandon Standards of Partnership to become more inclusive
גולדה מאיר אף פעם לא נראתה טוב יותר
Exposed: Radical leftist gets PA to execute Palestinians via @ArutzSheva_En
Victims of Palestinian Violence and Terrorism since September 2000
Israel from space
Police to question Sara Netanyahu for second time: Prime minister’s wife was grilled last week over allegations of money mismanagement at private and official residences
Remembering Dafna Meir together
Chinese man arrives in Israel by boat - without meaning to
US NGOs sued over $280bn tax-deductible aid sent to Israel – report — RT USA
Israel Destroys Homes to Deter Terrorists. A New Study Says It Works—But Is It Moral?
Israel is often labelled by as the enemy by neighbouring countries to distract its people of real domestic issues
Iran holds Holocaust-denying cartoon contest
Rights of Palestinian Israel citizens
There was an 18-month settlement freeze, but the White House pretended otherwise
For those that have been complaining about Obama for years...
5 easy things anyone can do to help Israel
Why did Israel bar the swedish foreign minister when they did not bar the USA foreign minister when the white house said Israel had committed acts of terrorism.
Pregnant Israeli woman stabbed, seriously wounded in Tekoa terror attack
The accidental desert crowdsourcing pioneers
Euro-Mediterranean "Human Rights Monitor"- 100 Days of Brutal Israeli Intimidation and Extrajudicial Executions... 0_o
Shurat HaDin proves Facebook will close a page inciting against Palestinians/Arabs, but won't close an identical page inciting against Israelis and Jews
Hollande: 'Intolerable' that French Jews feel need to hide religion
Are any of you familiar with the Tav Chevrati, or "social seal"? Do you know how the movement is currently doing?
I belong to one of Israel’s minorities
EMG pipeline company denies participation in Israel, Egypt gas export deal
Top diplomat: Israel has contacts with almost every Arab state
An interviewed IDF reservist claimed B'tselem pays him per video to provoke IDF soldiers
Gag order on Northern situation, for those in the area do not post info on social media.
Is Facebook Biased Against Israel and Jews?
Israeli Settlements and International Law
Obama Joins Israel Boycott? Labels West Bank Goods
France: If new peace initiative fails, we'll recognize Palestine
Israeli cyber security exports grew 10% in 2015
What would happen if Israel withdrew from the West Bank and ended the ‘siege’ of Gaza
Rap Battle: Israel vs. Palestine
Joozian Power -updated edition-
Nearly 1,000 attacks committed since start of terror wave | In three-month wave of Arab terror, close to 1,000 attacks have been reported; 29 Jews have been killed and 491 injured
In setback for BDS, Spain awards West Bank school €70,000
Israelis near Gaza border: Hamas tunneling is shaking our floors
The Post's View: A danger to Israeli democracy
Muhammad cartoons censored at Charlie Hebdo exhibit in Tel Aviv
Illegal for Jews and non-Jews to marry in Israel?
Looking for a video
How do different universities compare in Israel?
[off-topic] So what hobbies do you have, /r/Israel?
Parallels between the Assyrian genocide &amp; the Holocaust
What Israel's startup scene can teach the world
The new Zionists: Ultra-Orthodoxy has effectively surrendered to the Zionist idea
הפעילות האלימה של אנרכיסטים נגד צה"ל וכוחות הביטחון
The fate of Palestinians selling lands [Hebrew]
בגלל המוניות: נתניהו וכץ התעמתו
Merkel: Anti-Semitism more widespread than we imagined
Sure as rain: Gazans accuse Israel of opening nonexistent dams to flood them
BE LIKE iSRAEL!
On the Logic and Illogic of Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions
Iran launches third Holocaust cartoon contest | Israeli officials issue stern condemnation, call on UN chief to denounce 'anti-Semitic' competition
American LGBTQ Organization Reverses Cancellation of Event With Israeli Counterparts
Palestinian Officials Arrest Peace Negotiation Aide On Suspicion Of Spying
Israel's electrical grid attacked in massive cyber attack
All-Bedouin Tech Company Hints at Shift in Israel
Rockfour's album "The Man Who Saw It All" played entirely on the piano
Israeli Arabs removed from flight at demand of Jewish passengers
שריפה פרצה בבניין שבו נמצאים משרדי "בצלם" בירושלים
Good Morning Sweden discussing analyzing Sweden FM Margot Wallström comments
Hayehudim Baim
Can someone translate this for me?
Study finds Israeli prices dropped two years in a row
Why the West Bank refugee camps refuse to join the Third Intifada
Residents in southern Lebanon captured an engdangered eagle released from Israel
Why Israel needs Turkey now more than ever
צפו: אוהדי בית"ר תוקפים את אוהדי סכנין
Living on the Edge - The Music of the Yemenite Jews of Israel
Palestinians: Western Media's Ignorance and Bias
פיגוע ירי בתל אביב: מחבל פתח באש במסעדה ומלט; הרוג, 2 פצועים אנוש ו-2 קשה במקום
Suspected terror attack: Two dead in Tel Aviv shooting
Israeli journalist stabbed while reporting on knife-proof vests - Breaking News
Such different coverage when it happens in Paris: "Cops were earlier f o r c e d (!) to open fire on the knife-wielding attacker as he was running towards the station near Gare du Nord railway station."
[Israel] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
French police shoot to death Muslim man at prayer on the one year anniversary of French killing of 3 Muslims
ISIS issues threat to launch terror attacks in Spain to
Need feedback on Raw Cold-Pressed Juice business.
At Sundance, ‘The Settlers’ trains lens on movement’s extremist fringe
Video: Surfers Warm Up in Netanya
Yahoo Promotes (Another) Fringe Hate Site
On eve of Holocaust Remembrance Day, prime minister says in face of Islamic extremism ‘world must stand with us — not for our sake, for theirs’
Why Don’t I Criticize Israel?
When people suggest anti-Zionism and Antisemitism can't be conflated...
IDF soldiers rescue newborn puppies from flooding in Israel after heavy rainfall.
Live Video Cameras in Slaughterhouses? Israel Says Yes in a Big Way
Singapore angry at Israeli guard for using flag as tablecloth
Netanyahu Asserts Israel Will Be Iran’s Watchdog
Tel Aviv gunman shot and killed in mosque in northern Israel
How can we collectively raise the average IQ of Israel (it stands poorly in the world currently at 95)?
The Jewish Press » » Clinton ‘Very Interested’ in Secret Plans to Fund Shaming of Israel and Spark ‘Palestinian’ Demonstrations
Happy Tu B'Shvat!
Why are the words for "cousin" so grammatically wierd in Hebrew?
Netanyahu says UN chief `encouraging terror`
Why Jewish and Arab cofounders are good for business
Teen Palestinian twins planned terror bombings, Shin Bet says - 18-year-old sisters allegedly bought chemicals, watched online tutorials, and built explosive devices with the intent of attacking Israelis.
WATCH: Abbas condemns Palestinian groups that encourage violence
Israel: State Funding of Child Savings Accounts
Magav soldiers giving out water and food to Arab children in Issawiya
Israeli researchers offer HIV carriers hope | Two Hebrew University scientists believe they have reached a breakthrough in destroying cells infected with HIV virus
Who Is Amiram Ben-Uliel, the Alleged Killer of the Dawabsheh Family? 21-year-old son of a rabbi spent several years with extremists in West Bank settlements, but had recently embraced Hasidic ultra-Orthodoxy.
Who funds political NGOs in Israel? (New database)
If Jews can return to Israel/Palestine after 2 thousand years, why can't Palestinians return after 68?
Looking for good music in TLV area
Restaurant recommendations in Jerusalem?
My latest experience with Israel Post.
How do most of you deal with....
5 רעיונות מדהימים למתנות אישיות
A Tale of Two Partitions: India 1947 and Palestine 1948
What are the best (most informative and/or most active) subreddits either about Israel or for Israelis? (So, for example, a subreddit in Hebrew not about Israel also counts.)
Israeli Lady Artist SH*T on Israeli Flag ; now being prosecuted (+VID in article)
Last of Shalit captors dies in Gaza tunnel collapse
Always nice to remember that just because you're a good musician you can't also be a huge twat.
Times of Israel op-ed: When the Aliyah Dream Turns Into a Nightmare
Are There Double Standards in Israel’s Application of the Rule of Law in the Territories?
ראיון היכרות עם נטע לביא שחקנה של מכבי חיפה
US-born soldier says he'd forgive Palestinian who stabbed him
Israel Admits ‘Shameful’ Birth Control Drug Injected in Unaware Ethiopian Jews
The big facebook experiment - ניסוי ההסתה הגדול בפייסבוק
اسرائیل: تل ابیب میں فائرنگ سے دو افراد ہلاک
Education Committee chairman on disqualification of novel about Jewish-Palestinian romance: ”Assimilation is a strategic threat”
Dov Shurin: Jews are Sons of God
Any "duel army" (IDF &amp; US Army or other country) active or former service members in this sub?
Question to the Israelis
Israeli director Gitai looks back 20 years to PM Rabin's assassination
In an historic vote, the Israeli government has approved the construction of an egalitarian section of the Western Wall.
Israel support for yeshiva students up by 53%. Is it enough?
Eritrean girl stabbed in Israel as a baby finds home abroad: European country agrees to take in family of Kako Yamena, who was badly injured by an Israeli man in Tel Aviv
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
Seeds of Peace: Ayman Odeh’s unlikely crusade
A tour and census of Palestine year 1695: No sign of Arabian names or Palestinians
מעריב | חיזבאללה הוא ארגון טרור מוחלש. טור דעה, יוסי מלמן
Yehudah Amichai: The Secular Psalmist-The New Yorker
In Israeli City of Haifa, a Liberal Palestinian Culture Blossoms
Israel indicts Jewish extremists over Palestinian arson deaths
Four Duma terror suspects to be indicted Sunday: Jewish detainees to be charged with involvement in firebombing that killed three members of Palestinian family in July
Israeli Settlements and International Law - Attempts to present Jewish settlement in West Bank territory (ancient Judea and Samaria) as illegal and "colonial" in nature ignores the complexity of this issue, the history of the land, and the unique legal circumstances of this case
Reputation of different parts of the army?
Anne Frank's stepsister compares Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler
Cheap Stream Israeli Movies Online
Meet the BIG guy and his LITTLE owl.
Jerry Seinfeld talks Israeli 'extremism'
Al Jazeera America To Shut Down By End Of April
PM Netanyahu at Trilateral summit - Israel-Cyprus-Greece
Israeli kabbalah movement invites Israel-bashing Swedish FM to Tel Aviv event
Hamas Terror Tunnels Collapsing Under Heavy Rain in Gaza
Seven Hamas terrorists killed in attack tunnel collapse
Search for Palestinian suspect in Herzliya
UMA RECADO PARA POVO DE ISRAEL VIGIAI POIS JESUS CRISTO ESTA VOLTANDO E ...
This is the might of the Israeli Air Force
Searchable list of all Netflix TV Shows available in Israel
Peres: We have to close our eyes a bit, and make peace
Channel 2 report: Israel knows identity of gunman, believes it was a terror attack
Israeli Security Officials: Abbas Cracking Down on Violence, Gestures to PA Are Urgent
How common are Muslim-Christian or Jewish-Christian marriages in Israel?
Can anyone trade bitcoins for cash tonight. It is important. Thank you. Tel Aviv area.
New sub /r/IsraeliMossad looking for contributors and mods
What is life like for Israelis in the West Bank?
What has become of the people that burned the Palestinian family?
Fresh roasted coffee in Israel?
Hebrew circlejerk thread
Report: US, UK intelligence hacked into Israeli drones under operation 'Anarchist'
UN's Ban ki-Moon rejects Netanyahu's criticism: Count on me to speak up
Son of Baba Sali Proclaims: “The Days of Ishmael Ruling in the Land of Israel Are Over!”
Google Street View: Israel National Trail
IDF members who served alongside a Breaking the Silence spokesperson write an open letter, claiming that his statements about their unit are false
If you can read this, then you have passed the first test, if you can't then you'd better take a class or something
Abbas Welcomes French Plan for International Middle East Peace Conference
ערוץ הילדים הידרדר
Israel faces no existential threats, says departing Mossad chief
Top Israeli minister: Ireland has abandoned us
Israel, US and Turkey Profit from Stolen ISIS Stolen Oil
The enlightened and the benighted
“My Truth” Breaks The Silence
נשרף לה הבית!!! חחח
המקור של הביטוי "פאקינג תתעוררו"
ICC to start investigating Israeli crimes in 2016
Report: Shots fired at bus carrying Israeli tourists in Egypt
Young American traveling to your area for several months-Looking for advice
Unbelievable: Mugged a Senior Citizen
To save Israel, Lapid pitches 'separation' from Palestinians
Palestinian girl tries to stab guard in West Bank, is killed
Israeli reservists break their silence over the lies of ‘Breaking the Silence’
Swedish delegation in Israel to learn from security experience
Hello, r/Israel, we'd like you to come join us at r/MiddleEasternMusic!
Job Applicant...
Gaza faces harsh winter after Israel cuts gas supply
Jewish immigration to Israel from Western Europe reaches all-time high
Swedish person posting on Sweden's official Twitter account this week: "I apologise on my own behalf to @Israel for our minister for foreign affairs."
Palestinian Cool Yay Hipsters with Tattoos and Piercings?
IDF allows anti-Islam activist to spread hate, chocolate to soldiers
Sounds of Israel in my pictures, part II
India should learn from Israel, says RSS Cheif Mohan Bhagwat
Tiny House Building Codes
Israel's right to self determination
Upcoming Cultural Exchange! January 17th with /r/Denmark
Can't figure out electricity adapter in Israel
A question about Iraqi Jews and Arab identity.
What do Israelis think of Serbia?
Behind Israel’s campaign to vilify peace groups
Supreme leader of Iran marks Holocaust Memorial Day by publishing Holocaust denying video
Israel creates new police unit to specifically fight crime in Arab towns, Police Brigadier General Jamal Hakroush of Kfar Kanna will lead it.
Critical situation in west bank
CCTV footage: Shot Eritrean asylum seeker beaten, untreated for 18 minutes
'We knew Milhem was here, but no one wanted to be the whistle blower' - Residents of Arara, where the fugitive Tel Aviv gunman was killed after a week on the run, say he had been aided by relatives
Bill To Counter BDS Movement Is Introduced in California
Israeli TV comedy from 1970 Aliyah to Israel translated לול העלייה לארץ
American Historical Association overwhelmingly votes down anti-Israel resolution
Israel National Trail in end March
Bernie and Israel: It's complicated
An Israeli Sherlock Holmes
Reform may allow physicians to prescribe medical marijuana
Michael Douglas's Pro-Jewish Tour Shows Hollywood Courage
Palestinian media spurring wave of terror: Since the beginning of the current terror wave, Hamas' Al-Aqsa TV and other Palestinian networks have been devoting nearly all their programming to lauding attacks and 'martyrs'.
Second Jewish left-wing activist said detained by Israeli police
The cost of living in Israel: It’s as bad as you thought
funny football game between Israel and Palestine (comedy)
תיעוד הלינץ' בבאר שבע: זרהום הוכה בידי תשעה אנשים וגסס 18 דקות מבלי שטופל
Why do Muslims lake up for 17 percent of the population while Christians make up for 2 percent?
UN chief on Palestinian violence: Natural reaction to occupation
Facebook and Israel: What’s Not to ‘Like’? Lots, It Seems
Michael Douglas to advocate for Israel on US campus tour
I wonder why the White House hasn't raised a concern over excessive force...
Aliyah and where to live:
Sudan courts Israel amid frayed Iran ties
4 paths for an alternative Israeli strategy (by Amos Yadlin)
One of world's most mysterious organizations gets a new boss
(Satire) Mossad Unleashes Giant Kraken against Gazan Fishing Ships
Londoners: Israel worse than N. Korea &amp; ISIS?
TA killer Milhem was tracked to home village via his excrement
Palestinian leaders' self interest militates against peace - The unspoken reality is that Palestinian elites dare not forge real peace with Israel because it will expose them as having wasted the lives of their people for decades to acquire something Israel was always ready to offer anyway
Armenian Priests in the Old City say problem of Haredi Jews spitting on them is growing worse
סמוטריץ': אין דבר כזה עם פלסטיני 30.12.15
Where do I sign up?
Insiders believe the Lebanese resistance fighter's death will only strengthen the Palestinian Resistance
Watch: Hundreds of armed Hamas terrorists march in Jerusalem
Hillary Clinton and Israel: a timeline
Do you guys have information on the percentage of people in Israel who have HIV and AIDS?
Today is 27th of January, Holocaust memorial day
What do you guys think of the US presidential candidate Bernie Sanders?
SERVE in the IDF at age 25
Why Israel Should Listen to Dan Shapiro's Inconvenient Truths
Of the 30,900 people who made aliyah in 2014, 22,300 were registered by the Israeli Census as Jews, 8,300 as "others", and 400 as Christians
OBAMA ROTHSCHILD'S CHOICE FULL FEATURE
ערבי מציע כסף עבור מידע על המחבל מדיזנגוף
Palestinian Authority, Hamas praise “precious martyr” who killed 3 in Tel Aviv
Jews in America struggled for decades to become white. Now we must give up whiteness to fight racism.
Protesters disrupt Jewish reception at Chicago gay conference - Hundreds of protesters sought to disrupt a Shabbat service and reception for Jewish participants at a gay activism conference in Chicago
Breaking the Silence spokesperson's claims are refuted by members of his unit, according to My Truth testimony
The Wülf is Coming to The Land of Israel.
Denmark Cultural Exchange- Politics Thread
Torrents in Israel
For Israelis who flee the ultra-Orthodox fold, a brave new world
Environment minister to Israeli gas companies: Lower your prices
To save Israel, Lapid pitches 'separation' from Palestinians
Cheer up - things could be worse!
Vandals destroy crosses at Israel Christian cemetery
"God set an end to the Darkness" (Job 28:3) [Beit Meir, Israel]
THE PROBLEM IN ISRAEL
Rule of fax machines in Israel to end tomorrow
46% of Israeli Jews don’t think Arabs should have equal rights
Martin Luther King Jr. street in Israel
Florida becomes 5th state to pass anti-BDS resolution
Israel Seeks to Bring Arab Citizens Into Mainstream With Funds
מבט - כתב הערוץ איתם לחובר נפצע בדקירת ניסוי לבחינת אפוד מגן
Does Israel look poorer than it actually is (visually speaking)?
What's the deal with the genetics debate?
Palestinian intel chief - and Abbas' potential successor - boasts of efforts to foil attacks against Israel
Israeli MPs oppose eviction of Jewish settlers from West Bank homes
Palestinian official: “Hitler was not ‎morally corrupt, he was daring”
חשיפה - שלום עכשיו לא פועלת באופן חוקי
Fatah official: Palestine alongside Israel is just ‘a phase’
Israel’s Cannabis Industry Blazes Ahead
Israeli Settler Homes On Airbnb
The Most Revealing Video About How Israel Treats Palestinians
British doctors seek to expel Israel from World Medical Association
That awkward moment Arab press has more accurate headline about Israel than New York Times
The Creme de la Creme of 2015's Israeli Wines
Palestinians, Blacks and Other Hypocrites - Gary Yourofsky
שרת המשפטים עונה לחברי הסיעה המשותפת
עובדה: הנס הקטן של בר אילן
Bank of Israel: Gas exports may not be viable
IDF arrests two Palestinians carrying guns
"God set an end to the Darkness" (Job 28:3) ]
We are all one
Jimmy Carter of life-threatening tumors
האזינו למבחן השבת של מיקי זוהר: "קוראים לי לאיזשהו מקום, אני ממש מתנצל"
Israel feels the heat of U.S., EU and U.N. criticism
Can the Israeli Left Save Itself?
UN Chief Ban Ki-moon Slams Israel Harshly Over Conflicts in West Bank
Genocide scholar blasts Israel's 'racist' teaching of the Holocaust
Why does Europe fund left-wing Israeli groups?
Barbecue and TV: Hamas video shows new footage of Gilad Shalit in captivity - Israel News
Israeli girl who fought ISIS has now found Jesus
Has anyone read this article !? Pretty surprising!
Americans Try Israeli Snacks
CCTV footage of yesterday's stabbing attack in Givat Ze'ev
JUST got an SMS: They caught him in North Tel Aviv (Tzahala). Will probably be announced by authorities within the next few hours.
Why doesn't Israel allow gazan refugees to also immigrate to europe?
What 'age limit' would you say is for joining the IDF?
Went on Birthright in December, wanting to go back and had a question about things to do in Tel Aviv
When It Comes to the Haters, Time To Stop Talking
Alex Salmond rebukes Israelis over Holocaust speech - The former First Minister tells the Council of Europe it was “inappropriate” for a senior Israeli representative at a Holocaust commemoration service to criticise the Iranians, who have questioned whether the atrocity took place.
Canada has “Tough Message” for Ally Israel
Swedish opposition lawmakers to call Wallström out over Palestinian incitement
Poll: Kahlon plunges as Lapid regains power
Terrorist who murdered Dafna Meir incited after watching Palestinian TV
Any possible chance of Israel annexing the West Bank and giving citizenship to all residents and leaving Gaza independent?
British SAS, ‪#‎US‬ Navy SEALs, Pakistan's ‪#‎SSG‬ among world's most powerful special forces
Behind the ban on the Islamic Movement in Israel
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for Israel
הדמוקרטור הגדול
Let the Light In: A Visit to See My Son in Jerusalem Was Both a Challenge and an Inspiration
Khaled Abu Toameh on Twitter: Palestinian Authority: Slain Tel Aviv gunman Nashat Milhem is a 'Palestinian martyr'
Why was Israeli GDP per capita in 1960 so high compared to other developing states?
Internet Throttling in Israel
Looking for English text of a particular part of BDS's mission statement
ערוץ הכנסת - יאיר לפיד: אצביע נגד חוק העמותות כי הוא פוגע במעמד ישראל בע...
Meet the Igbo, Nigeria's Lost Jewish Tribe
The view of Tel Aviv from Jericho
Ha'aretz being classy
the place where the tlv shooting was hiding.
Clinton received plan to secretly galvanize Palestinian protests
Hiking in Jordan
Netflix now available in Israel
India’s highest-ranking Jewish military officer dies at 92
Gift Wallet - Get free gift card, awsome reward and make money
Emigrating to Israel
Something I still don't get: Why did &amp; do Arabs think that the historical region of Palestine belonged to them? They didn't control it for hundreds of years.
Chinese president calls for East Jerusalem as capital of Palestinian state - Israel News
Likud MK's bill urges cannabis decriminalization
Israel Can Establish Diplomatic Relations with the Arab World by Learning from Putin
Rabbi claims Jewish Agency barred him from teaching Torah at Ulpan Etzion - Israel News
Israeli sniper shoots Canadian citizen in West Bank
Time to break the silence: An open letter to American Jews
Poll shows Netanyahu would lose if elections held today
Initial Reports: 2 Dead, Several Injured in Shooting Attack in Central Tel Aviv
