In Kanazawa and looking for snow.
McChoco Potato: Chocolate-Covered Fries Coming to McDonald's Japan
Japan's First Extensive Tests of Self-Driving Cars
[japan] Elizabeth Fane - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Starting a new business in Japan
The moment Shibuya scramble crossing becomes empty.
Japan has improved nuclear oversight, but skills fall short, IAEA inspectors say | The Japan Times
What Is Life Really Like In Japan?
I have been told many times my eyes look Asian....any truth to this?
Left Japan after JET, and now I can't get back.
Exchange studies 2016/2017 Japan to Waseda University (1 year).
Looking for Live Stream for Hakone Ekiden
Can you bring prescription Adderal to Japan?
A possibly controversial question: Is the average Japanese slightly mixed with Ainu?
Bobby's Tokyo List
Domestic animal inseminator
Osaka Adopts Anti-Hate Speech Ordinance
SUMO: Perfect Kotoshogiku tops Hakuho, seeking to be the first Japanese wrestler to win a tournament in 10 years
Asakusa Extreme 33: Argentina's Infernal Curse w/Retch, Begräbnis, Evil, SSORC @ Asakusa Kurawood on Jan. 23 (x-post from /r/japaneseunderground)
Japan Keeps The Defunct Kami-Shirataki Train Station Open for Just One High-School Girl
New Years in Japan 2016
[japan] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Is taking a shikataganai or muzukashii attitude to life as common in Japan as /r/japan would suggest it is?
As a westerner, I would like some context on this video from Japan. Thank you!
Could you recommend some of your favorite contemporary Japanese movies?
How do the people in Japan kill themselves?
Jimmy's Graceland in Nagasaki...
IT job for an English speaker in Japan? Is it possible?
Japanese cartoons/music for 4 year olds?
Kobe district court issues a bench warrant for crying politician Nonomura Ryutaro [Japanese link]
Is Akihabara a Hotbed of Child Prostitution?
ThIs Site Likely Contains Sexuually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..gag
David Bowie's love affair with Japanese style
5 bước cơ bản chinh phục tiếng Nhật - Trung tâm tiếng nhật SOFL - SOFL 日本語センター Luyện thi tiếng nhật
What do I ask for in Japan if I'm looking for rolling tobacco? (Pouch tobacco)
Goodbye Korea. Hello Japan.
Looking for kpop merchandise
How to raise funds for businesses overseas
Does anyone know of any food shows similar to Gaki No Tsukai's Absolutely tasty series?
Used JDM parts..HKS,Nismo etc
Youtube channel similar to China Uncensored but about Japan obviously?
Returning to Japan on Tourist Visa after Working
Looking for books/documentaries/sources on the Japanese psyche
Where can I buy a large plastic sheet in Tokyo?
Current rules on clubs?
New book on Japanese history: "In 1638, the ruler of Japan ordered a crusade against his own subjects, a holocaust upon the men, women and children of a doomsday cult led by a boy sorcerer.
Japanese pop star wins the right to have a boyfriend in landmark court ruling
A cenotaph for Japanese detainees who lost their lives in Siberia has been erected in Norilsk, Russia. Most of them were arrested for “counterrevolutionary crimes” such as drawing cartoons of the dictator Stalin, spilling a container of milk or using a belt to repair shoes without permission.
Higher Education Reform: A Tale of Unintended Consequences
アッコにおまかせ！ 2016年01月10日
How do the Japanese view the Boshin war and the changes it brought?
Creating a Cuteness Empire in Japan, One Fuzzy Bear Suit at a Time
Nintendo gamer leaves console on for more than 20 YEARS to keep saved game
Japanese Communist Party Joins Diet Opening Ceremony for 1st Time
Just curious: What do the Japanese think of Indians?
Do You Know "Cool Japan?"
Japan Calling Me
coffee roasters.
Graduate studies in Japan(?)
Did Amazon.co.jp remove the "click here to see in English" feature?
Is it true they don't discount new books in Japan?
1960s/1970s Drive Through Tokyo, Japan
The Future of Rice Farming in Japan
Japanese Company that will allow you to book your Traditional Japanese Same-Sex Marriage
Yahoo urged to stop elephant ivory auctions on Japan site
Fun give away for 100 yen goods from Japan on Youtube
Where to buy a router in Hokkaido? I'm in Niseko and willing to travel to Otaru. Ideally would like a small business grade. ( draytek )
World's Oldest Man Yasutaro Koide Dies Aged 112 in Japan
AUTUMN IN JAPAN (2015)
free Japan novel; literary fiction. Amazon.com .epub "Harajuku Sunday"
The bi-annual showing of Laputa is happening on TV right now, and Twitter users are primed and ready to "Balus" the site into oblivion (should be at about 11:20 local time).
Japan Unveils First Stealth Fighter
I traveled through Japan and took some Cinematic Aerial Videos Along the Way - Here's a Compilation
hey /r/japan, i have have the opportunity to go on holiday to japan an would like to know whitch place is the most fun/beautiful to go to.
Anyone learning Japanese in Tokyo. What are the fees ? Any good schools ? thanks a lot
Need help translating this text for school...
Travelling to Japan
[Request] Trying to find a Japanese career animation
What is your favourite department store
ADB-Japan Scholarship Program for Students of Developing Countries, 2016-2017
Japan and Christianity
Ric O’Barry, opponent of Japanese dolphin hunt, detained at Narita
Amazing Matsuyama, Ehime, in Japan
Last night we had a Potato Party and Candy in a Toilet
Can you help me find the Japanese people in these photos from WW2? More info in comments
10 Craziest Japanese Inventions
What anti-depressants are available in Japan?
How I can feel more positive about living here? (Tired)
Pick a JR line in the Kanto area. What are the most notable sights at each station?
Does anyone have any experience with some of the different foreign talent agencies?
What are the most popular Japanese dramas? Also info on the cast specifically the main characters.
Can you recognize this song?
Are there any 24-hour train or bus services in Japan?
This dogtag idk what it says
Animation: Japanese Population Projection 1990-2050
Nobel winner Shuji Nakamura warns Japan risks scientific exodus
Nagoya's ramen spork
[meta] Does anybody else think there should there be a /r/teachinginjapan sub?
8 Japanese Cars That’ll Be Worth Big Money
I speak Japanese but people try to speak English to me and I do not get offended or upset.
Aime Card Wanted willing to pay for cost
Hey /r/Japan, I'm going a presentation at school on media in Japan. If I could take 30 seconds of your time (2 questions).
My bro are going into japan/tokyo . Need help .
City planning and architecture
Bitten by wild rabbit on Okunoshima - do I need rabies shots?
Sexlessness in Japan
Japanese novel recommendations for my 85yo grandmother
Bringing a dog to Japan
Visual references for modern day Japan
Court takes steps to bring 'crying politician' to trial
The most consumptive Otaku is Idol Otaku in Japan.
What Android apps are Japanese using to read manga?
US fighter jets and stealth fighter jets have been deployed at Kadena Air Base in Okinawa Prefecture. Local residents strongly oppose their presence because of the noise. US Air Force officers say they are deployed to defend Japan.
Forex – Yen a tad weaker ahead of China Q4 GDP, Aussie flat
Question for all Japanese people about why you don't like your boss
What is this bear called?
After I quit my job and I am in my 3 month period, how can I apply and pay for health insurance?
Best Japanese novels?
M 6.7 Earthquake Off Urakawa, Depth 50km, Max intensity 5-, No tsunami expected
Tohoku University
This sucks and I could use your help. What's the best way for me to inform Japanese acquaintances of a death?
Best Capsule Hotel Location
Can I work in Japan with a family visa?
What Is Life Really Like In Japan?
Taiwan’s Foxconn Offers $5.3 Billion to Take Over Sharp
No. of suicides in Japan drops below 25,000 for first time in 18 years
Water outage continues highway closures in Kyushu and Yamaguchi effecting 260000 households
Child poverty policy falls short
イッテＱアカン運び祭り 宮川&amp;イモトinアイルランド
"Coming Out." – Salaryman Neo comedy sketch. I miss this show. NHK has scrubbed almost all clips uploaded to YouTube by fans. Enjoy one of the last few left.
Sony Moves PlayStation Headquarters to California
Looking for Homosexual Bathhouses
Drinking Leniency in Japan?
What is the expected cost in USD for my family of four to attend the Tokyo Olympics in 2020?
Does JR East release detailed numbers of passengers who travel between two specific stations on a railway line?
What is the japanese equivalent of youtube?
Foreign children entering Japanes public school system
What, if any, animation does r/Japan watch?
Flying Colors/ Biri Gyaru
Did anyone else just see that live train-wreck "apology" by SMAP?
Amateur frequency allocation in Japan?
Can someone with a Japan spouse VISA teach English independently for money part time?
Should a male politician be allowed to take paternity leave?
Fukui Judge Comfortable With Risk, Approves Nuclear Reactor While Wearing Business Shirt Underpants
Hemorrhaging or Healing? Veteran DPJ Members Bowing Out At Increasing Rate
A short but beautiful video on how the morning papers are delivered in Nagasaki.
What’s Next for Japan-Taiwan Relations by Ayumi Teraoka, research associate for Japan Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations
hot 18+ korea 2016
Fukuoka Japan! Oh yeah!
Wife is getting job in Japan. I don't know any japanese and don't have a degree. Can I find a job?
Looking to purchase a Japanese Track bike In Tokyo
Sorry if this is the wrong place, but can someone who speaks Japanese tell me if this is a letter in the Japanese alphabet?
[xpost] I Have 2 Extra Tickets to a Game Music Concert on Saturday
Becoming a Japanese teacher in the US
Revealed: Japan's New Fighter Prototype
Japan Economy Minister Fights Accusations of Selling Favors
Meanwhile in Yokohama, at the Cupnoodles Museum...
Prosecutors have launched an investigation into alleged bid-rigging for road repair projects in areas hit by the earthquake and tsunami in March 2011.
Ford have decided to pull out of the Japan market, due to a declining interest in cars among younger people in urban areas
Japanese Twitter users are primed and ready to "Balus" the site into oblivion, as is tradition when Studio Ghibli's Laputa shows on TV (should be at about 11:20 local time).
Binary options BONUS FREE 1000 USD!!!!!!GO Cool boys!!!!!!!
Meet so cool locals at the bar!
[OC] me and mt girlfriend when to Japan. Here she is at the engaku-ji temple in kamakura.
Cell Phone Plan in Japan
Girlfriend won't tell her parents about our relationship. Am I right to be concerned?
Part time job(非常勤 on an International Services and Hummanities visa.
Why did Japan sign the Plaza Accord?
Seeking specific drama from the 90’s
What should I get??
What is the most commonly used cloud service in Japan?
Student looking to go exchange
Has anyone tried a ramen school before?
Japan Must Let Zombie Companies Die
Japan Sports Council 'refusing to pay' British architect for 2020 Tokyo Olympics stadium designs
How might one exchange groceries from Japan with someone living in Australia?
Japan’s all-female Takarazuka Revue to perform in U.S.A. this summer
Russia Continues Confronting Japan with De Facto Annexation of Disputed Islands - nsnbc international
Struggling Fukushima fishermen hold 1st New Year's ceremony in 5 years
As a chinese male, will I experience any animosity travelling in Japan?
Club Music Venue resources?
Product Design in Japan?
Japanese rental websites for London
where can i buy cycling jersey in Japan?
A satement from a South Korean
[Translation Help] My mother lives in Kamaiishi. I've been separated from her for the past 30 years.
Hi! I'm a huge fan of the Japanese low calorie, high protein fermented superfood 'Natto' but I find it's hard to eat. Does anyone have any secrets to make it taste better?
What job fields are generally good for foreigners in Japan?
Money back on a pc purchase?
Mental illness is something that is openly taught in school and presented in pop culture in the United States. How do young Japanese kids and young adults talk about it or learn about it?
Ancient history?
Im a random Greek guy, and I wanted to know if Japanese people actually like Greece/Greeks
Camper Van Living in Japan! Traveling to Nikko &amp; Sendai. Including the wonderful restaurant Cafe Yasai Meguri
"Japan" speech by Hillary Nozaki
First Petting Gaijin Café Opens In Harajuku
One of the reasons why i love japan is the commercials
A South Korean court has ordered a university professor to compensate those referred to as comfort women, saying she defamed them in a book she wrote.
Good presents for fiancee who loves sushi/Japan?
Japan to test first homegrown stealth jet
Stacey Dooley - Coming here soon - Fall of the Rising Sun, Japan Episode 3 of 3
Meet some cool locals at the bar
How to get gilgaros's Yokai medal.
I am going to be travelling to Japan in Feb, but I have an egg allergy. Will I struggle?
Japanese Universities
Uniqlo Heat Tech....Does it work?
Dr Arudou Debito and his haters.
Does anyone know this singer?
Bank of Japan introduces negative interest policy
Not sure who signs off on ads in newspapers but think using the F word in the Nikkei might be a first!
BuzzFeed launches BuzzFeed Japan
Foreigners living in Japan, what level of Japanese do you speak?
http://hellogiggles.com/100-years-japanese-beauty/
Should I break up with my boyfriend?
Working holiday visa Japan, experiences?
What are Unique Japanese or snacks from the area that I must definitely try?
What is the minimum age to watch porn in Japan?
I'm new to Japan (Otsuka, in Tokyo) and a very nice older lady stopped to tell me about the shrine I was looking at, Tenso-Jinja. I understood hardly any of it. Can anybody help me with some background or details about the shrine?
[AskJapan] High speed speeding possible without getting caught?
A good mid-sized city to send applications?
Snails in Japan?
Need to leave an apology gift for host. Advice?
as a hobby i try to id archive footage; kitamae okinowa 1950's
Job advice about entry-level positions in Japan
People in Tokushima save stranded whale
Can someone explain to me this Japanese Victory dance from the film 'City of Life and Death'?
A rundown of some less predictable places to visit around Tokyo including WW2 tunnels out Saitama way
South Korean President Park Geun-hye on Thursday urged the nation to accept an agreement with Japan on resolving the issue of wartime "comfort women," calling it sufficient under the circumstances.
IAEA mission to review Japan’s regulatory framework for nuclear and radiation safety
LGBT rights in Japan: Gay partners may get spousal discounts on car insurance
Can someone translate for me?
Do Japanese girls actually work like this?
An web who go to Japan to chase her dream to be popular in Japan...
Work Visa Application and staying at an airbnb - need advice
Japanese language help!
In Japan is it taboo for adults to be fans of Shonen/Shojo series? In particular is it taboo for males to be into Shojo series such as Sailor Moon?
Japan win AFC U23 Championship
Japan’s 99% Literacy Rate Questionable--A book that remained shut is but a block
Nagano, Japan bus crash kills at least 14, injures 27 - World
Japan is full of Miracles
Top 20 Karaoke Songs in Japan: English Hits
Foreign Residents In Japan Predominantly From Nation Of Gaikoku
Survey reveals best &amp; worst stations for atmosphere on Tokyo's Yamanote Line.
Summer Study Abroad Opportunities in Japan for Design (English-Speaking)
Snowpocalypse 2016: Kanto Edition
Self censorship sensed as Japan's TV stations replace outspoken anchors
Iwanuma city, Miyagi prefecture plans to remove all temporary housing by April 2016, the first tsunami-stricken municipality in Miyagi to do so.
Japan has heated roads to deal with snow
Fukushima identifies remains of all 1613 victims of the March 11th, 2011 disaster.
Postwar Semantics in Japan’s Self-Defense Forces - What’s in a name? Pride, honor, and history.
The Kyu Asakura House in Tokyo, a 1919 building, is a rare example of a Japanese-style mansion from before the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923.
Australia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United States Statement on Whaling and Safety at Sea
David Bowie's first-ever advert was in Japan, for sake
In a Japan seemingly obsessed with sex, few seem to indulge
The Japanese Art of Self-Preservation
Mẫu câu thường dùng khi làm Arubaito dành cho du học sinh
If Anyone Is Interested In Traveling To Tokyo, This Video Discusses The Top 10 Things To Visit While There (:
Welcome to the Japanpedia.asia Japanpedia.asia
U.S. Should Close Bases on Okinawa: Bring Troops Home and Let Japanese Defend Japan
Please Help: What restaurant is this and what is the dish outlined in red called?
Japan's suicide fore
I want to travel to Japan a whole month and learn a lot about their culture with a family as a host.
The difference between nio, sanmon and diamon gates.
How do I find a photographer for some wedding pictures? Mt Fuji.
Elections in Japan
Tokyo areas on English-speaking Japanese TV show【MARUNOUCHI/TOKYO STATION】TOKYO EXTRA 15：東京 EXTRA
I've lived in Japan for 10 years (5 years in Hokkaido), and only just started getting into ski touring here in Hokkaido. The wide openness of the terrain here is amazing. This is my write-up of our recent ski tour in the Tokachi mountain range in central Hokkaido.
高田引越センターTVCM「グラビア篇」【公式】
How Fujifilm's cameras and lenses are Made in Japan
TOKYO TOWER LIVE HD CAMERA. CAN SEE MT. FUJI TODAY.
Japan’s Arcane Pictogram System Gets a Much-Needed Update
Scholarship Opportunity for Applicants from ASEAN, Russia, and CIS at Doshisha Uni.
Paying the bank interest to hold your deposits? What gives?
How one of Japan's biggest game (Dragon Quest) was created
How would a 'President Trump' deal with Japan?
Build Lean Muscle! Try Forskolin for Free! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
水原希子 KIKO MIZUHARA / ‎御宅 - OTAKU MOBB【MV】
Put This On • Interview with W. David Marx, Author of Ametora:...
Do peoples Kotatsu ever start fires?
Traveling to Japan from Australia. best drift tracks to visit?
Weeb searching for mind-altering substance in the Big Mikan; hopes to see visions of tentacled schoolgirl anime in his altered state. Also hopes not to be taken into custody due to illegal substances.
Best Japanese ALT Recruiting Companies
no apartments for gaijins?
TED talks equivalent in Japanese?
Japan's economy minister Akira Amari resigns for alleged financial impropriety
The Egg Dish That’s Had Japanese People Lining Up for 250 Years
Japanese React to 'But We are Speaking Japanese! 日本語しゃべってるんだけど'
I Ate My Way Through The Japanese Menus For McDonald’s, Burger King, And KFC
How To Make Easter Egg Coloring Cooking Toys!간단 달걀 염색 색칠 만들기 요리놀이 코나푼 소꿉...
Indian Deities Worshipped in Japan
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [japan]
What area has the most vending machines in tokyo?
Visiting Tokyo | First Time in Japan - Tips?
Is this a proper way to write Okinawa in kanji?
Anyone in Tokyo willing to proxy or know of a proxy service that can special order?
Traveling to Japan in Summer
Need your opinions on this
Found a really cool restaruant in this video, can anyone tell me what it is? (or where i can learn more about them?)
Anyone ever try GogoNihon!'s program in Tokyo? How was it?
Do you dislike Japan and why?
Do most houses and apartments in Japan lack thermal insulation and have thin walls? Are there actually any homes with decent interior heating and soundproofing?
When IT companies in Japan hire foreigners, what makes them desirable?
A question about shipping through Japan.
Can Anyone Tell Me What This Means
Die Hard: New Panel to Empower Women Repeats Previous Mistake
Những hình ảnh độc nhất vô nhị chỉ có ở Nhật Bản
Yahoo Japan sold 12 tons of elephant ivory in two years, activists claim
I just ate this and have no idea what it is. Did I need to cook it? WTF did i just eat?
Long life of Japanese is threatened
Subbredit for mixed Japanese/other people, hapa/hafu?
Private chef in Japan who can travel to Hakuba?
More Japanese live cams on Ustream.
Need help in deciding my exchange University
Shot in the dark: anyone done NFC/RFID work in Japan? FeliCA systems, etc.
The "Charisma Man" Reality - a short comic about foreign guys dating in Japan
Why I love grading English papers in Japan
Free Japan's Universities
Khóa học tiếng Nhật giao tiếp tại Hà Nội - Trung tâm tiếng nhật SOFL - SOFL 日本語センター Luyện thi tiếng nhật
Robots Expected to Fill Half of Jobs in Japan by 35
18 Hr Layover in Haneda/Narita Japan.
Book translation
Quick question about a english translation.
International Baccaulareate in Japan?
I feel that English teaching has served its purpose as a stepping stone, but has the damage already been done?
Can I rely on the fact that the Japanese food I buy is safe (regarding radiation)?
Is it just me, or does Kanji appear a lot smaller in Windows 10
Looking for help identifying a Japanese Arquebus
Was there any survey of /r/newsokur. Any results?
What's it like living in Japan?
The Year 2015 in Japan
Question About Visiting
Looking for ideas and overseas connections for import/export business. Im based in Japan.
experienced photographers/roof toppers !
Pachinko part fuctionality
ECC Japan Hiring/Interviews
Hamster Bread is a thing. They're so cute, I wanna bite their heads off. Where can I find these?
Our Education System Polishes pebbles and dims down diamonds
"Small but terrible".... at least he is honest.
I want to watch some Kazuo Hara documentaries but there are 0 seeds. please help me seed so I can watch :) + you will an awesome documentary on your hard drive !!!
10 Creepy Japanese Myths #1
SEIZE THE WORLD / Shinya Yamanaka / Prioritize patients above papers
Hacker Group Attacks Japan Company Websites Over Whale Hunt
She write yourself first! Not payments, and othershit osdlaa
Kensuke Miyazaki to become first ever Japanese MP to take paternity leave
Free ¥886 to a Japan-bound person in the US (leftover from trip)
About an ukiyo-e of Kuniyoshi
Car parts or items
Daikoku Futo next weekend (29-30 Jan)
Any good books on the reasons why the Tokugawa ended up the way it did
What is the application a lot of Japanese live streamers use for text to speech?
[LIVE CAM] Osaka seen from 37th floor of Abeno Harukas
Kamakura Buddha to get 1st full check in over 50 years
Gift idea for a Japanese expat friend who hasn't visited home in two years?
Well, I finally made it
Spotlight on Japanese art and culture through translation and discussion
How FP Stumbled Into a War With China [and Japan]— and Lost
Question about exporting used Japanese cars out of Japan.
Research studies in Japan! Need your advice!
How Do Japanese React to Your Japanese? Speaking English Back to You? (Social Experiment)
Users try to defend Japanese attitudes towards women and argue that women don't face discrimination.
BRITISH ROCK N' ROLL BAND WHITE ORCHID LATEST SINGLE: 'And In the End'
Over dozen tourists feared dead in Japan ski resort bus crash
Cherry Blossom in Tokyo, Best places and Forecast for 2016
The Last Artisans of Japan: Sake
My Father-In-Law passed away this morning. How can I best support my Japanese wife when I don't speak or read Japanese?
President-elect Tsai Ing-wen said Sunday that Taiwan intends to start talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
China warns Japan against 'provocation' around Senkaku islands
[Metajapan]Not busy? No cards and stuff. Just sign up and sex
So the aquarium in Okinawa that just had the great white die after 3 days is already planning on get another one (link in Japanese)
Japanese Microaggressions
MacStylee comments on Japanese xenophobia
Funny aerobic comedian?
Looking for someone to ship me a set of knives from Sakai, Osaka, Japan
Culinary Customs and Etiquette Q
What else could I do with a degree in manga?
*Full Match *【サッカーU23】日本vs韓国 3-2 リオ五輪最終予選・決勝 日韓戦 2016.01.30【サッカー日本代表】
Electricity retailers are battling over prices and services in a bid to attract customers ahead of the full liberalization of electric power retailing in April 2016.
Anyone know where I can get this Kid Yamamoto shirt? Will be in Tokyo in a few weeks.
Is this really a problem? What does the "troublemakers" look like? "Kitakyushu urges young adults to dress right on Coming-of-Age Day -The Japan Times"
Turks, Kurds clash outside Turkish Embassy as voting kicks off
[LIVE CAM] Osaka - taken from 38th floor of Abeno Harukas
I'm planning to visiting Japan in Summer 2016. I know I want to see a sumo match and play in an arcade. What else should I do?
Japan, a dream come true
5th International Conference and Exhibition on Lasers, Optics &amp; Photonics
Sending a parcel from Japan
Is 'www.sosjapan.jp' a recommended website for international shopping?
[Serious] Does anyone know how I can get into the porn industry here?
Magazine recommendation?
Tips on what to do with a Japanese exchange student?
Question on teaching in Japan
How generally bad is IT literacy among young people in Japan? Is home computer use in Japan lower than in the US or Europe?
Sinister Mickey Mouse plush. Where can I find it? (more info in comments)
2016 Deutsche Bank Internship Programme For International Applicants In UK
563,768 students sit for college entrance exams across Japan
Japan's plan to drop swastikas as temple symbol sparks backlash
Does the experience of living in Japan make you a better person? ...Thoughts?
Cold Fever (1995) trailer.
JAPAN Best casino on the planet Bitcoin,LiteCoin,DogeCoin,PeerCoin,NameCoin FREE Bonus 5 BTC and 301% deposit! Your attention over 500+ casino games Live Rulette,Dice,Poker,Slots,Slots,Spors live,Virtual game and much more in one casino Public control of honesty.You control his victory!
Man accused of being a pervert jumps in front of train
Where can I buy this mask? Is there write shibuya?
i didn't live in Tokyo for very long, but boy have i seen a lot of victims of alcohol there. and nobody cares. (more photos in comments)
The 6 Best Hondas That You Can’t Buy in America
The Disappearance of Self in Japan
How do you say cute Hawaii in Japanese?
Extended stay in Japan?
Uniqlo's Ultra Light Down for spring in Japan
Database of Japanese surnames
Where can i find Japanese furniture outside Japan? (Low tables, low sofa etc)
What were your best experiences interacting with the locals as a foreigner in Japan?
Interesting Birthday Gift Idea from Japan for my girlfriend?
Railway Otaku harassing the high school student for whom the JR kept the railway line open; demand that she pose for pictures
Dentist in Japan and the related vocabulary
My pussy! for japan
Japan boasts booth at Israel cybersecurity event
‘Double election’ speculation persists
Nippon Kaigi and the Radical Conservative Project to Take Back Japan
PSA: the latest issue of Degimono Station comes with a free SIM card that provides 500MB of free 4g data every month!
Japanese prefer other Asians more attractive than westerners
In Japan, It’s “Kanji of the Year,” not Word of the Year
Kinki University...
Anyone in Japan who can grab some things for me off Yahoo Auctions and ship them to me in the states?
Typography global alfabet project: i need you! (x-post from /r/typography)
Does getting a Canadian driver's license as an American citizen actually help in getting a Japanese license? Has anyone here tried it?
What characters is Coro Coro written in
What does Enon Kawatani do with his face when he sings?
Desperate for a way in
What time do election results usually get announced?
How Popular is Anime Amongst Adults in Japan?
Dating WebSite For Sex! Find Your Girls for sex! my taa
5 Japanese Words You Are Not Supposed To Use
[japan] I invite you to visit! The meeting will be unforgettable! 18+
Swastika so funny, much offensive LOL silly Germans
日本語会話スレッド that a Japanese gives you scores
What are your thoughts/experiences on racism in Japan?
Someone please tell the hosts of Sukkiri!! that Chinese standard is not international standard
Any other drone photographers out there in Japan pushing the limits of the new no-fly laws? Check out this video project I participated in recently. "Edge of Kyoto"
How do 'you' feel about selling submarine technology to Australia?
'Be strong and keep believing,' says the Trivago girl with the gift of the gab | The Japan Times
In order to be someone, you must first be yourself
I ordered something from Japan. This note was included in the shipment. Is there some significance to piece of paper as a 'gift'?
HELP! Security system question
What are these weird scrolling text videos that keep appearing in my YouTube recommended video feed?
Anyone ever started their own language school in Japan
Hi computer science major or engineering major to work in Japan?
Recommended language school in Tokyo?
Looking for help with an old Japanese flag
Came across this weird thing in google earth.
Upper House's Oshima (Aomori) Backing Move to Cut &amp; Reallocate Seats in Lower House
Haunted Haikyo Hike: An Interview With Jordy Meow
Hiroko Kuniya's ouster deals another blow to quality journalism in Japan | The Japan Times
2015 update of 2013 UN report on Fukushima [pdf]
Sing along Japan Guide.
Japan Wants to Sign a Peace Treaty With Russia
Japanese company Logbar invents wearable translator, markets it in most creepy way possible.
Business events
Would you be able to help?
Looking for a Japanese language school that caters to middle easterners.
Where to find specialty cigarettes in Osaka
SIDS in Japan.
I am looking for a job
Whiskey Highball
I live in Europe; got offered a freelance Japanese job who wants a Japanese bank account; I have one but how do I access the money?
Do Japanese TV stations offer programs for streaming online after broadcasting?
LDP’s Revisionism and “History Wars”--With newly formed organizations denying Nanking Massacre and comfort women, debates on seem endless
Frozen, ruptured pipes in Omuta, Fukuoka leads to widespread water outages. SDF dispatched to supply water.
Dondo Yaki – Japanese Festival of Fire
Scrapped Japan stadium designer says rejects copyright call
Rejection rate 99%: Japan accepts 27 refugees in 2015, despite record applications
Can someone tell me what magazine this is?
Visiting Japan for Spring Break few questions
Language School doesn't offer student visa - advice?
Where can I find beigoma?
BJJ in Nagoya or Sendai
Can I make my NHI payment while visiting another prefecture?
i took this this near the summit of mt Fuji during a school trip to japan
Anna Tsuchiya announces her second break-up
Battle Stations—Okinawa in 2016. Controversial Plan to Establish New US Marine Corps Base
A small festival of a small rural town in Japan
Man arrested for sticking chopsticks in daughter’s ear...wtf is wrong with folks.
Thank you Japan Fiber
Từ mới tiếng Nhật về tình yêu - Trung tâm tiếng nhật SOFL - SOFL 日本語センター Luyện thi tiếng nhật
2011 article (but still relevant/timely): "Shake-up time for Japanese seismology"; Robert J. Geller calls on Japan to stop using flawed methods for long-term forecasts &amp; to scrap its system for trying to predict the ‘Tokai earthquake’.
What are those parking area's called on some of Japan's expressways?
Foreign Exchange Student?
Best US bank for debit withdrawals/transactions?
To those living in Japan I'm In need of Japanese snacks
Can anyone help me with a Japanese CAPTCHA?
First time travelling to Japan, hoping to be able to catch the Sakura blooming season
Just a few questions, including possible future work in Japan
IT internship Viablility
Questions regarding having a Japanese spouse in the US.
Bringing food into Japan: what exactly is restricted?
What are some Japanese feel-good movies?
Japan's version of Glassdoor?
Japan's `Quiet Property Bubble' Is Coming to an End
First Kōbō-ichi market at Tō-ji Temple in Kyoto.
Japan, Korea Republic qualify for 2016 Olympics in football
Fan-made Nazi anime parody, 'Goeppels-chan,' appears in Japan
J-pop ‘no dating’ clauses ruled unconstitutional | Complete Music Update
Snow, stormy weather heads for western, central Japan
6 Trees No More - The History of Tokyo's Epicurean Mecca, Roppongi
I created /r/teachinginJapan ... feel free to re-direct people there (and also, please sub if you'd like to help answer questions)
"Yahoo Japan said Wednesday [27 January 2016] it is strengthening policing of illegal ivory on its online commerce site as criticism grows it is supporting a trade that fuels the slaughter of wild elephants."
House Design Collection 2016
Visitors to Japan surge to record 19.73 million, spend all-time high ¥3.48 trillion
After 71 Years, a Zero Fighter Flies Again Over Japan
Japan-made stealth prototype aircraft to take off
See How Much Japanese Beauty Has Changed Over 100 Years
最高の早いです。日本の卓球ロボットVS 石川佳純
Sumeru Butsudan Co. | Thou shall uphold the oath
Anyone do any investing in Japan
Suboxone in Japan
Anyone have experience to register CocoKara Fine Point Card (with VISA)
Anybody been a member at the Tokyo Club (Not the Tokyo American Club)?
