A large man wobbles into a bar
A woman wakes up on the morning of her 45th birthday ...
What did the Nazi Officer say when he saw the Americans approaching?
The people I worked with in IT were so nice
How do you make a woman have an orgasm?
What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
I've never been one for Nazi jokes...
If during the first five minutes of meeting a new person, he doesn't tell you he is a vegetarian...
This is how I like to review my books:
What kind of laptop calls you a thousand times?
What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches?
Why did the tomato blush?
An old, old joke I heard yesterday
two guys were walking down the street; one of them was a bassist...
How many babies does it take to change a lightbulb?
What's Princess Leia's first name?
Lie detector Robot
What is the difference between a man and a woman?
A boy's dad died in a tragic accident
I guess some things will never change...
A crowd started gathering around the car accident with the bagpiper...
Why do woman have faces?
Why is everyone impatiently awaiting the new Zelda game?
I knew a guy who was into sadism, necrophilia, and beastiality...
League of Legends, Dota, and Hearthstone are now on ESPN
What did they call Jesus Christ when he was crucified?
the butter churner asked the milk "whats wrong..."
What did Ben Franklin call his pee hole?
What should be done in case of apparent drowning?
1) put away your phone.
A guy walks into a bar...
My goal is to become the oldest person on Earth
What does a calculus teacher say when a student doesn't get it?
Why was the priest afraid of trigonometry?
What do Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Seth Meyers and James Corden all have in common?
How did Tarzan get his cry?
I was feeling down the other day, so I threw some bleach over my Muslim friend...
What do you call a female manager?
One day a priest went fishing.
There are two key principles in life
I wanted to go to Neptune
I never write in blue ink.
What do you call a bear that's questioning their sexuality?
I like my jokes like I like my sex life...
How does a detective stay cool in hot summer?
If you're married to your dick...
Mom filled up the refrigerator
Why is it easier to pick a prime minister than any other leader?
I have 10 guns. Obama wants 8 of them. How many guns do I have left?
What do you call 10 black guys playing basketball ball?
A Christian and an atheist walk into a bar.
How do vampires like their tea?
What do you call a chicken you own?
How many tickets does it take to tickle an octopus?
People say Shrek was a great character
Donald Trump visits an elementary school
Why do so many people hate circumcision?
A blonde and a brunette were sitting outside on a porch....
An old lady goes to the doctor and says,
A student goes to the principal
What's more rare than a black Olympic swimmer?
I pulled on a door that says push.
I once dated a girl who got in a car accident and lost her whole left side.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger, then it hit me...
Why was 7 arrested for homicide?
Oscar Isaac wasn't nominated so far despite his performances in Inside Llewyn Davis and Ex Machina
I love how people always leave voicemails when I miss their calls.
My teacher told me that Japan had a homogeneous population.
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B?
Girl says she got hit by a cop
How do you stay warm outside in the winter?
What is the name of the restaurant chain that serves sushi burritos?
Two scientists walk into a bar...
My girlfriend died shortly after I came...
What's the Difference Between an American Anorexia Patient and a British Anorexia Patient?
People say I'm a stand up guy..
An 85-year-old man was requested by his doctor for a sperm count as part of his physical exam.
I was riding the bus today...
Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
What's the difference between this post and a fire truck?
Old lady asked me to check her balance
My mom asked me what causes dwarfism...
When a group of mercenary electric powered robot horsemen attack...
What do the mob and eating pussy have in common?
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
Ben Carson is going to be our next president.
The Garden of Eden [NSFW]
Where can you always find kids by themselves?
Jesus is carrying the cross
A teacher and the funny Johnny
I went to a gay bar. As I sat down to order a drink,
What did Goldberg say when he boarded the wrong train?
If Sean Lock was a Hollywood actor...
An Aussie, an Irishman and an Englishmen were sitting in a bar...
What did the buffalo say to his son when he went to college?
Why can't you bring an Indian to a fancy restaurant?
I was clearing out my loft today when I found a catalogued list of paedophiles
How do you get in with a pretty nurse?
What is white and 14 inches long?
Fish must really like poetry.
A guy asks for a tattoo of a $100 bill on his penis
What's it called when the bottom half of a fraction has loads of cake in it?
Refrigerators are really cool...
Why did the incarcerated 12 year old furiously jerk off in jail?
What's the opposite of shell shock?
Why were there coffe beans at the subway station?
What's the difference between batman and a black man?
The lights in my house love me...
My girlfriend is always such a sourpuss.
The King of Thailand is about to execute a monk
Student: I'll never be good at geography.
Vikings kicker Blair Walsh apparently attempted suicide last night.
Why did the mushroom have so many friends?
Yeah, I'm starting to agree
What's pink and hard when it goes in, and soft and wet when it comes out?
How do you tell a lion to pick up the pace?
A doctor had sex...
What do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car?
I went to see a palm reader.
I kept getting asked to stop singing "What is Love?". My response to this is always the same...
I got into an argument with my parents about video games.
Two soldiers are walking through the desert...
Why is sonic the answer to every google search?
Four former U.S. presidents...
What's the best part about dating an epileptic?
Why is a good hooker like a skilled carpenter?
My New Year's resolution is to stop telling Dad jokes,
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy?
What do you call a Muslim guy flying an airplane
What does the calm zombie say to the agitated zombie?
Luke and Leia have more in common than people realise...
A girl meets a guy in a bar
I went to a psychic today. Ended up accidentally breaking her crystal ball.
Before going to a party, my dad gave me a word of advice.
How many Mexicans does it take to replace a light bulb?
A man comes home from work on his birthday.
My sexual desires have been getting out of control...
Why do most men hate Russian dolls?
What did the mother of the guy who broke his arms say at the beginning of every 'session'?
NSFW A young native american boy asks his mother...
The Amazing Talking Dog
I was told a good joke at a New Year party...
A grasshopper hops into a bar
I wouldn't give my brother up for anyone else...
There is only 20 letters in the alphabet..
My wife always rubs me up the wrong way.
Steve says to his friend Bob "now that my son is born youre not allowed to come round anymore."
I might have taken the wrong medication this morning, so if I seem really weird...
I was watching porn...
"My sister is a typical member of society."
I am an organ donor, and I kill people.
I was wandering around a shop.
Why did the chicken cross the road?
I hate to sound ridiculous...
I have an awesome new protein shake.
What's the app where you meet people from your neighborhood?
msut click this sooooo fuking funny lol
I've invented a fragrance made out of sweat.
So a feminist walks into a bar
Guy just asked my on the street "Whats your problem?!" as i walked past.
Super amazing joke about china.
Every time I execute the 'Poophole Loophole', I make sure to remind them after that it's sodomy...
Once there was an American man...
My Number One Fan
What does Thailand and Buger King have in common?
What do women want?
I was going to hang myself,
The best friend
As I rolled around on the beach screaming in agony a sexy woman came up to me.
If Finn and Poe were to own a grocery store chain together, what would they name it?
I used to pretend I was Batman as a kid
Guy says to a girl: Do you want to do a rape fantasy?
SEX AND PIZZA, THEY SAY, ARE SIMILAR
three guys are waiting in line to get into heaven
Some people think that "Pause" buttons can't see very well.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
A contractor without batteries
A guy on a date parked his car...
My girlfriend's allergic to nuts.
What did the bird say after his cage fell apart?
A taxi driver in London stops to pick up a late night fare...
Why was the Mac being racist?
What did the Japanese soldiers call Hermann Goring's lovely secretary?
What do you call Harrison Ford when he smokes weed?
What joke doesn't get the credit it deserves?
If opium is a pain killer, why does it hurt my family so much?
I won the Powerball
Did you know you can be -273.15°C and still be 0K?
A baby seal walked into a club..
*NSFW* Unusual fetish?
This is Obama's 8th State of the Union Address and he has yet to discuss what Charles Xavier is doing in that "School" of his.
Two flies are sitting on a pile of poop...
Don't you hate it when people go on their cell phones in the movie theatres?
I go to Chipotle because it's guaranteed to clear out my Chipotle from the day before.
Reddit's Servers.
All these David Bowie jokes, they should really let the stardust settle.
5 Steps to Getting a Verified Badge on Your Instagram Profile
डव लगाया और बियर पिलायी
sometimes I'm so lazy I don't finish my senten--
What's big, wiggly, and makes ladies scream?
What's the difference between Hitler's Regime and 9gag?
Communist jokes aren't funny unless everyone gets them.
The Queen of England has died
TIFU when i deleted my gym membership, hit my lawyer, &amp; posted it to Facebook.
SUPPORT THIS GUy
Here i have a copy of a feminists' CV
I found the the trick to catching redditors off guard.
Why is Kylo Ren so lonely all the time?
Bad Things to Tell Your Wife
What is the difference between the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Twin Towers?
How does Tom Brady feel right now?
What's do you call a tampon tutorial?
What does the ghost of Al Pacino say?
You'll never guess what my login name is.
Why could Edward not leave his driveway and get back to his home country?
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
I remember my first time using a condom
A 5 year old, a 12 year old, and a 18 year old all walk into a bar
What is the similarity between a psychologist and a prostitute?
What is the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
Did you hear that Mr. White rear-ended someone?
What is the best time to go to the dentist?
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
I tried to become a proctologist
What's the best thing about have sex with a lady boy
Everyone keeps guessing who Rey's parents are, but who delivered her as a baby?
Honey, I have a confession to make...
I told my wife I want to try anal sex...
Why don't birds eat potato chips?
What do you call a German tampon?
Life is like a gluten allergy..
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of shit?
Monica Lewinsky has released the following statement on Hillary Clinton's run for the American Presidency:
The next President of the United States of America,
What is a toy for bath time that is dead
A pedophile, a rapist, and a Catholic priest walk into a bar...
Why did the teenager like square root problems?
Chocolate Milk
A group of grade 5 students were comparing dick sizes
My wife told me to stop singing Wonderwall by Oasis.
A guy and his cat...
Why did black beard kill his first mate?
So I guess El Chapo had surgery for erectile dysfunction while he was on the run
Let Cyborgrobotosexuals marry!
If you make something that goes viral...
What the difference between /r/gonewild and /r/jokes?
I'm currently writing a musical about diggers trapped in a mine.
What does a carpenter do after one night stand?
Joyce is from Papua New Guinea. She had her son's foreskin on a chain around her neck.
Classic Rocky and Bullwinkle pun
My son's friends always get confused when they come over and I tell them they're free to use the ool if they like......
Ever needed a taxi but you had no money?
A man goes to a library and asks for a book on Suicide
An Irishman is driving to the airport
Your cough turns me on
Today, I went to the toilet without bringing my phone.
I met a Wheelchair user yesterday.
Did you hear about the raisin that slept with another raisin's wife?
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog? [nsfw]
What did the sheriff say when he found the body of a black man at the bottom of a lake wrapped in chains?
TIL this is a shameless copy of one of the top posts on this sub just changing a few words
David Bowie dead a hoax?
How do you drown a hipster?
A man is about to have surgery...
This morning I found out the terrible news about David Bowie,
You know what is funny?
Why are Juggalos obsessed with hatchets?
I recently learned my friend likes to be dominated by his girlfriend in bed.
Why were the bakers hands brown?
So I was eating some Middle Eastern food...
Geography class
What do gay horses eat?
I'm opening up a restaurant that only serves astronaut food.
A man lost his arms, legs and torso gambling.
Did your mom get those plane tickets?
The size of penis doesn't correlate to the number of sex one will have
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say hello?
What's the most dangerous type of triangle?
The Assassin's Interview
I don't always roll a joint
Why did the Stormtrooper buy an Android?
Excited about my bike, I decided to start a cycling club. It's been weeks and no one has joined
Wife texts husband on a cold winter morning...
Why don't black people dream?
Man runs over a skunk...
A man was driving along a highway.
What do you get when you play a country song backwards?
What is a limp biscuit?
Dubai knows how to end the year with a BANG!
Making the little things count, ...
What Do You Call Two Trains Crossing A Road?
An employee tells his boss...
What do you call a black man flying a plane?
I was getting a blowjob and I told the girl to treat my dick like a jolly rancher....
What did the cheese say to itself in the in the mirror?
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
Who do penguins celebrate Hanukkah with?
Why do Indians have such good memories?
Why did it take the British and ANZAC forces months to quit Gallipoli?
What do you call Erwin Rommel's highly-trained kitchen staff?
What type of plant can you use to make phone calls?
Boy: Calls 911
Why did the semen cross the road?
Athiesm is....
I was surprised when my friend from Madrid wouldn't leave
What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure?
What's the difference between Jesus and a whore?
At a job interview:
Did you hear about the German republication of Mein Kampf?
My daughter is starting to ask embarrassing questions about sex.
Why did Mushroom get all the ladies?
In the old west, three-legged dog walk into a bar...
What does Hitler and Barney Stinson have in common?
You know what they say about Japanese pianists...
Whoever said that all press is good press...
I'm giving up spray deodorants for the new year.
Why do neckbeard dentists love Cats the musical?
"Is it proper for one man to profit from the mistakes of another?"
What's the worst smell in the world?
Fire Fighter [NSFW]
Chapter 1: The man who can't lose!
A boy gets a hair cut
A father put his 3 year old daughter to bed
Ever hear about the lost Vikings?
Eat the chicken, it will increase your manhood
My physics teacher is the chord slope of an a-t curve
How many lovers do the religious have?
I poured spot remover on my dog
Yo mama is so fat...
What do you call the armed group in Oregon?
A bag of flour is bragging to his friend about his new girlfriend
What did the Hispanic fireman name his two twin sons?
I was recently a victim of crime.
I just dumped a germophobe.
Did you hear about the photo-lab technician that gory capture measurable to people's photos?
I was wandering around a shop when one of the assistants approached me.
I have watched The Godfather uncut
I thought I had a Japanese friend...
What do you call a cow with two legs?
You think seven years bad luck for breaking a mirror is bad?
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
Why do so many people die in school shootings?
Why do Mexicans not do well in school?
I took a disabled parking spot and everyone started looking at me.
They keep speaking about those muslim gang rapes in Germany. This is absurd.
I just cut up a taxi driver.
Three shipwrecked sailor swims ashore at Papua.
I hate it when people ask me what I'll be doing in four years
Why is it a good idea to hike with a buddy on the Pacific Crest trail?
They should rename planet X to planet XXX
As I removed my wet penis from her pussy she looked at me and said...
They say pizza is really bad for your heart.
A taxi driver is stopped by a female traffic policeman.
Everyday I walk through the park I see the same old lady sitting down all by herself.
What is the difference between a Turkish stag beetle and a Chinese man with a small penis?
siri on relationships
So I just bought a new thesaurus...
What are a ghosts 2 favorite types of music?
Touching safety class in a galaxy far far away...
A kid posted a joke in /r/Jokes
Bernie Sanders tax code
Pregnant lady does LSD and birth control , she made the trip.. The baby didnt..
I won't apologise for my bad manners.
Steam community servers
Whoever invented auto-correct must have risen from the bowels of he'll.
while some jokes in there sub are funny, Chinese stereotypes and jokes arent and offend me long time
Donald Trump running for president
Best joke ive ever heard
"I see." Said the blind man to the deaf woman.
Never criticize someone until you have walked a mile in their shoes...
A guy went to an auto show and came across a red 57 chevy
In my opinion, Obama was the best black president
what is kylo ren's favorite period in chinese history? (MAJOR SPOILERS!)
What does King Kong and a black person have in common?
I want to start body building.
A man is at the checkout to purchase some condoms...
What is a deaf person's favorite music artist?
The clock is ticking...
Stallman, Torvalds and Knuth have a conversation.
Why did the cokehead like Britney Spears?
How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How is the retarded basketball player doing?
What's better Jesus or a picture of Jesus
What do you call it when sodium touches chlorine?
You know the world has changed...
Farmer is sitting with sad face...
Retailers have pulled all the Darth Vader toys from their shelves...
Why won't you ever see an American slav squatting?
Honey, we should really think about becoming parents.
JK Rowling has written an explanation on Pottermore for a spell that makes your legs fall off
What is a bigot?
Compliment somebody on their moustache
My granddad got high blood pressure
[REQUEST] A joke about how to know who you are fighting
What the only tag a Tumblr user can't have?
A man sitting in a bus told the woman on the seat in front of him.
A man is driving his car along a dirt road...
Do you know why there are so many great bakeries in Germany?
My friend really likes to have sex with people.
Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ?
What's white on top and black at the bottom
What do you call a guitar that has completely changed parts?
What's the best part about living in Switzerland?
The one thing I can't stomach is..
Why should you never watch a movie with a generous Nascar driver?
A stepfather and his teenage stepson are having an argument.
What's a bear's preferred weapon of choice?
Why did Adele cross the road??
What do you call an extroverted snail?
Want to hear a joke about pizza?
I bought a lottery ticket the other day.
In my math homework I was asked what's the difference a racist and a mathematician.
A midget, a mulatto and a heeb walk into a bar
Three peasants were living alone in the forest...
My fish can breakdance.
You gotta hand it to short people...
A boy comes home from school
When I found out Top Gear was being cancelled...
What did Snape say at Alan Rickmans funeral?
Two chinese men break into a distillery one night
A 5 year old kid is seen stirring the toilet water with the plunger's stick.
Your mom is like google... ( EXTREMELY OFFENSIVE )
What did the constipated mathematician do...
How does a mathematician get rid of constipation?
A duck went on vacation and stayed in a nice hotel. [NSFW?]
Y'know what really brings out the inner child in you?
A grain of wheat
I tried to catch some fog.
What's the difference between frat guys and dogs?
What's the difference between a blimp and 365 blowjobs?
What did the antisemitic man say right before losing his virginity?
What is the difference between jelly and jam?
Stallone took home the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor.
Last night was like the Kennedy assassination...
Why did two owls get arrested for the same crime?
What does 90 year old vagina taste like?
A new study has shown that women who get more sleep have better sex.
I finally took the pledge and became a vegan!
Having to explain a joke is like dissecting a frog
Sometimes, working in the hospital sucks.
What do you call an african with long legs?
In Sweden paternity leave is a big thing. And it is very challenging, almost every father loses 23lb in the first few weeks.
I just thought of this masterpiece...
A man died while masturbating
What does North Korea and a men's restroom have in common?
The Saudi Ambassador to the UN has just finished giving a speech
How many babies does it take to paint a fence?
What is an Italian mobster's favorite cooking oil?
Jim walks into a bar...
Why did the chicken cross the road?
My uncle died from a turtle stampede.
What do you call a metalhead with a cold?
How many Amy Schumers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Chapter 3: The attack of the Man-Ape!
The Ikea corporation was found not guilty yesterday for assassinating a rival companies CEO.
What did the man say to the Formula 1 driver who nearly rear-ended him?
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist?
What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood?
What do you call a black horse?
Pakistani math problem.
David Bowie died at 69, Alan Rickman died at 69...
My first night in a luxury hotel, I was relaxing in the bathtub and called room service to order a craft beer...
Mixed emotions
What do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet?
eat that p*ssy!!!!!!!!!!
A feminist, a vegan, and a person who does CrossFit walk into a bar.
A Cuban, a Canadian, and a White Supremacist walk into a bar...
A liberal wins the powerball!
What do you call an American girl who can run faster than her brothers?
Have you ever been camping with a guy who has uncontrollable diarrhea?
What did the ghost say when he looked in the beehive?
Knock knock. Who's there? She. She who?
What kind of toothpaste do MLG use?
Guy manages to land a Superbowl ticket...
The wife comes home......
I already know that this is going to be a long year...
Hey did you hear they combined two of the top grossing films, Avatar and The Force Awakens, into a single film?
What's the difference between a green elephant and a purple one?
You know, living away from my parents really makes me realize how much I need a dishwasher
The channel tunnel is a lot like a young girl
A man calls his house and his young daughter answers the phone...
I wouldn't recommend eating German sausage...
Why can't Tarzan be played by a black actor?
A man travels to an island...
A cop sets up a speed trap on a lonely highway.
An elderly snake couple dies in a horrific traffic accident.
Why are "D" and "F" in another country?
Pedophile Logic
What is Sarah Jessica parkers favourite drink?
Why are men smarter during sex?
People always want to weigh in and tell me my puns are bad
I added a few hundred dollar bills to my meal
You can't lead water to a horse
When did the URSS go bad?
Why aren't urologists well respected?
Did you hear about the cat who smoked meth?
Van Gogh was one of the great impressionists.
I Invented a New Word.
What do you call a herd of lesbian dinosaurs?
Why couldn't the race car driver drive his own car during the Grand Prix?
3 flies in a bucket
What do you call a cheap circumcision?
What do Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Savile have in common?
I was thinking about buying a time machine...
Better late than early...
I went to a Victorian themed party.
"Yeah, of course I can paint your ceiling". Michelangelo scoffed to himself
I was walking down a quiet road when a cat came out of the bushes.
A bottle of ketchup walks into a bar.
One time my mother called me a son of a bitch...
In love like in war.....
