Regarding Chazal and Meforshim using gematria as "hints" towards a concept.
Question about Jewish wedding ceremony?
2016 Official /r/Judaism Demographic Survey
In the Kutno ghetto this young Jewish woman manages to smile brightly for the camera as she poses for Hugo Jaeger, Hitler's personal photographer. [found in /r/humanporn]
Efrat rabbi brings gender equality to synagogue
And what if she’s Sephardi?
How American Jews are beginning to confront 'white privilege'
Textual Emendations in Minhag Anglia
The Desecration of Halacha - David Cardozo Academy
Women's Whispers: Ten righteous souls [2010]
Eminent Italian Jewish scholar/rabbi and Kabbalist, Rabbi Elijah Benamozegh's polemical treatise against Christianity and Islam [5633/1873]
Coming Out in Jewish Schools, a Decade After ‘Hineini’
Destruction of Fruit-Bearing Trees [Journal of Halacha &amp; Contemporary Society]
How do I talk to my kids about the birds and the bees?
An Intersectional Failure: How Both Israel's Backers and Critics Write Mizrahi Jews Out of the Story
Frum Joey says
Why Israel’s Chief Rabbinate Will Go Extinct
NBA player Russell Westbrook rockin fashionable talis before tonight's game
Finding An Iraqi Jewish Treasure in Miami
Being Israeli and Being Jewish, in Chinese Eyes
Jewish Shower Thoughts:
How Not To Be a Jerk in Jewish India
Rabbi Mizrachi: A Mensch! - Appoligizes To Holocaust Survivor
Eulogy for Rabbi Dr. Eugene Borowitz ZT"L
Not Talking After Washing
The Ethics of Killing Baby Hitler
How can Judaism promote peace when their foundational beliefs are about slavery and servitude?
Can jewish criminal law be revived and applied in today's world?
Who else is into sports?
All things Jewish!, Wednesday, 1/6
The full lyrics to the Sephardic song Ashorer Shirah (from the Kitzur Shulchan Aruch of Rabbi Raphael Baruch Toledano)
The foreskin and the hindsight
הפטרות מכל השנה this gorgeous manuscript came across my desk today
Video of Interest: The Skverer Rebbe Visiting the Belzer Rebbe in Yerushalayim
Does a Person Complete His Mission in Life and then Die?
Rationalist Judaism: There Ain't No Such Thing!
Marseilles: Terrorist Drops Machete and Flees in Attempted Stabbing Attack Outside a Shul
[Judaism] My name is April. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
ELSE LASKER-SCHÜLER – THE POETRY OF ALIENATION
The Secret of Chabad - Inside the most successful Jewish movement
Jewish foundation seeks to convert gentiles, saying ‘We all want Judaism to grow’
Polish city used Jewish tombstones in construction
Honoring A Muslim King Who Saved His Jewish Citizens
Why does there seem to be negativity directed towards Syrian Jews, or at least why are they perceived as a somewhat corrupt community of people?
Ain od milvado
Hello friends, what is a tefillin and what is the significant behind it?
Learning about Jewish Culture
Photo Essay: Levayah of Hagaon Refoel Shmuelevitz ZATZAL, One Of The Roshei Yeshiva In Mir Yerushalayim (Photos By JDN)
The Israeli Chief Rabbinate: Why?
45 Jewish Mohammeds in Israel?
Pew Projection: More Muslims Than Jews in US by 2040
Graffiti Vandals Target a Tel Aviv Shul – Paint Hitler’s Face on the Wall
New petition to remove modesty signs in Beit Shemesh
ALERT- 22-Year-Old Girl Missing From Passaic
No such thing as a silly question, Monday, 1/4
Pinkwashing Protesters Shut Down Gay Jewish Shabbat Event
Si Te Molesta Mojito Lite [ Video Oficial ]
Today in History: The first American-Jewish patriot
Jewish orthodox school teaching ‘insularity’ closed after 40 years
Is Powerball Kosher? Gambling and Lotteries in Halacha
The Unknown Jews of Bangladesh: Fragments of an Elusive Community
Creative riff on Chad Gadya
The Golem of Havana - I'm in Miami for the next week, but I will miss the opening of this show by two days. If you are in the area, please see it and tell me how it is.
Rabbi Mizrachi Responds
VIDEO: Holocaust Survivors Don’t Accept Apology From Rabbi Yosef Mizrachi Over Comments Made About 6 Million Kedosim HY’D
NYPD Investigating Disturbing Anti-Semitic Graffiti At Jewish Family’s House
Milhamoth Hashem (The Wars of the Lord) by Mori Yihya Qafih (A"H): A criticism of overtly magical-mystical influence across all sectors of Judaism and Jewish life.
The Torah and Jewish mythology
What Tu'Bishvat mean to us?
Great "5-minute daf" podcast - recommendation
Opinions on "The Jewish Study Bible"
seudah shlishit?
Question: Organ Donation
what is the point of non-orthodox jewish movements if they don't follow jewish law? are they even jewish?
Tu B'Shevat Showbread Reenactment with Temple Priests
Highly Unorthodox: a message from the Rebbe
Reconstructionist synagogue quits movement over intermarried rabbis
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
Jewish transgender man gives birth and embraces life as a single ‘abba’
New Jersey community helps homeless man days after twisted teen paid him $5 to dump hot coffee on own head
A Revolution for Reform Judaism? - Commentary Magazine
Arrest Me, I Pray for a Jewish King and a Jewish Temple Every Day
Discovering I May Not Be Jewish
Iran's Holocaust Denial Cartoon Contest Draws 839 Entries
Why do Jews sway their hips as if they are fornicating when praying?
Looking for a defense of Abraham not arguing with God about sacrificing Issac
General Discussion, Thursday, 1/28
Life after Chabad[A memoir]
90 LGBT activists condemn ‘anti-Semitic’ protest
BORUCH DAYAN HA’EMMES: HAGAON HARAV CHAIM YISROEL BELSKY ZATZAL – ROSH YESHIVA TORAH VODAAS
How would a Jewish astronaut keep Shabbos in space?
US rapper downplays Holocaust, suggests listeners read David Irving
How do you know the Torah is true?
Response to Rabbi Marc D. Angel’s Article "Conversion to Judaism"
I say dragons would be disallowed on the basis of being treif
Kol Haneshamah Reform prayer books provider seeks printing plates
How to Spot a Spiritual Sexual Predator
Where to start?
What do you think are some of the best lessons you've learned from Torah?
How the brother of Adolf Hitler’s evil Luftwaffe chief SAVED Jews
Identity Politics on the Court: 'Where Does David Blatt End And Jewishness Begin?'
List of internships in Israel for 2016
Ya Vendra-Sephardic Song for Shabbat
God’s Involvement In The World: A Meqori Approach
Israeli Arabs removed from flight at demand of Jewish passengers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY /U/LITERALLYCAT
Is there a Yeshivish English transliteration dictionary?
Curious about Judaism
What do you think about "The Theory and Practice of Universal Ethics" by S.D. Cowen?
Why does Hashem make some people naturally fat and others skinny?
Tikkunei Soferim and the Ironic Emendation of Rashi’s Interpretation
Secular Israeli Leader's Home Vandalized as Jewish Extremism Spreads
When My Hasidic Past Rediscovered Me
Marseille teacher attack: Jewish leaders agonise over skullcap
Why Briskers Learn Kodshim – And What It Means For Modern Orthodoxy
What can I do about someone obsessively stalking me due to my ancestry and religion?
What can I do if I have someone who is actively stalking me and sharing personal information about me because I am Jewish?
Help finding a story I once read
Asking out of curiosity.. what does shabbat mean to reform jews. What does it symbolize?
Beer Suggestions
No such thing as a silly question, Monday, 1/18
What's the best way for a non-Jew to greet a Jewish colleague for Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur?
Black German woman who once lived in Israel learns her grandfather was the Nazi commandant in 'Schindler's List'
גד אלבז וניסים ה' מלך Gad Elbaz and Nissim - Hashem Melech 2.0
David Bowie's unexpected Jewish links
Snowed in this Shabbat? Stream live services or watch recordings from Reform congregations across North America
Germany: Muslim 'refugees' stage anti-Semitic attack, robbery
Proclaimed Writer/Director Mel Brooks talks about serving in WWII as Jewish American
UK closes Orthodox school for being 'insular, exclusively rooted in Torah study'
Have Reform Jews given up on Israel? - Diaspora
Jonah Comic Book
What are the major denominations average response to questions regarding the slaughter of the Midianites and the kidnapping of the virgins?
transgender Jewish man gives birth and becomes single dad
"Investigating the Origin of the Ancient Jewish Community at Elephantine: A Review"
How social media helped free a 'chained' woman after 8 years
TRAGEDY: Body Of Devorah Stubin A’H Found in Submerged Car In Passaic River
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will do enough for Israel and Jews
Opinions on Donald Trump?
Someone, or a group of people on the internet are stalking, harassing and defaming my character because I am Jewish. Any advice on what I should do?
Can we admit yet that "New York Values" means Jews?
ANNE FRANK'S STEPSISTER: 'DONALD TRUMP IS ACTING LIKE HITLER'
Reform perspective on current transgender bnei mitzvot
For those in the US mid-Atlantic/Northeast this weekend
The Disappearance of Yiddish in Russia and Elsewhere in the FSU
U.S. Orthodox rabbi apologizes for saying only 1 million Jews died in Holocaust
Celebrating Hebrew’s revival on the birthday of Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
Deposit Cash for a blessing
Novominsker Rebbe Condemns ‘In Strongest Possible Terms’ Rabbi Mizrachi’s Outrageous Holocaust Comments
why are many jews here so different from jews in real life?
Where the Zohar Comes From: Berel Wein
Just another Wednesday on Flatbush Ave. • x-post /r/Brooklyn
Jewish Uses and Abuses of Martin Luther King's Memory
Year after attack, France's Jews learn to live under armed guard
Seeing ‘Crisis’ In Jewish Ethics, Group Urges Reform
"Conversion to Judaism: Halakha, Hashkafa, and Historic Challenge" by Rabbi Marc D. Angel (PDF)
Any advice for shidduch dating?
Is there any basis in halacha for "Hitbodedut"?
Dear Rabbis and educators on this sub: As a Jew I got a racist death threat from a Russian Jew
Anyone else grow up around people or friends that made Jew jokes?
Shlomo Yehuda Rechnitz speech at event in Lakewood
Why An 1855 Jewish Conference Is Still Worth Conferring About
Transforming “Jewish Time” into Being Punctual
Agudah Rabbi Gets TSA Award for Sparing Ultra-Orthodox Jews X-Ray Imaging, Broken Matzohs
First Woman Orthodox 'Rabbi' Is Hired by Synagogue
Kol Haneshamah Jewish prayer books provider seeks printing plates
Would anyone have some good suggestions for books related to Jewish spirituality/culture/mysticism?
Why do I feel drawn to Judaism?
Lingering effects of Tefillin
Things I didn't know I didn't know
Birthright trip organizers??
What do you think about during prayers? (seriously)
Rabbi Aryeh Wolbe - Anti-semitism is indispensible to saving Jews from assimilation
Swiss Jews Dismiss Hasidic oncerns About Building by Cemetery
Does Jewish law permit torture to elicit criminal confessions?
Why do temples in the US tell their people to vote democrat?
"An Actual Conversation Re: Women Dancing With a Torah on Simhat Torah" by Rabbi Josh Yuter.(YUTopia)
An Open Letter to my Chaveirim
Israel Getting Netflix
16 Jewish Pop Culture Predictions for 2016
From the Desk of a 17-Year-Old Yeshiva Applicant
Community "racing against time" to collect WW1 Jewish tales after funds awarded
Dozens of old tombstones were smashed in the Jewish cemetery in the city of Kolomyia Ukraine
I'm an 18yr old orthodox teenager and I don't enjoy keeping shabbos
putting on tefillin daily, what's it like?
A citation for those who accuse me of lack of emunath hakhamim for not treating them as perfect infallible beings
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:nnadtdlalaaaaiaioan
Good Deed Its Own Reward: Young Chasid Finds Money Lost by "Anti-Orthodox" Youth
Levaya of Rabbi Yisroel Belsky Z"L
7 rabbis quit Reconstructionist movement over non-Jewish partners policy
Rav Soloveitchik on Prayer
France and the Yarmulkah – A Halachic Analysis
How do large ultra-Orthodox families afford so many weddings? - Al-Monitor: the Pulse of the Middle East
My two and a half year old got a plastic lid from her drawer, put it on her sister's head, and insisted it was a kippah, and that we should all sing Shabbat songs.
Religious Extremism....
Christian-backed Aliyah Project: PR Ploy or Challenge to the Jewish Establishment?
Photo of Suspect in Attack on Jewish Man at Chelsea Subway Station Released
Need help from Reform Jews! Looking for a siddur that refers to God using non-Masculine pronouns
How do you hold on mail?
Dog Clicker Training OK on Shabbat
Merkel: Anti-Semitism more widespread than we imagined
LGBT Group Condemns Anti-Semitism After Jewish Gay Event Disrupted
Tu B'Shvat Annoying Orange
Why I Returned From Birthright Ashamed To Be A Jew
If you left your new Orthodox Jewish black hat in its case, it is with the @TSA lost and found office in Newark.
Baltimore, MD - Prominent Posek: Burglar Alarm Can Be Turned Off On Shabbos
BeautyBoxes Attention! this is not a dating site , is a search a partner for sex without commitment.
French Jewish Politician Alain Ghozland Found Murdered Near Paris
[Judaism] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Is there a Future for Jews in France?
A Yiddish Hasidic sex manual (/r/funny) (NSFW/NSFF)
Kabbalah, Israel and David Bowie's Jewish ties
National-religious rabbis fume over removal of IDF ‘Jewish identity’ unit
2016 Book Club
Taglit Birthright
It's great to see how people handle issues on this sub
Good alternative to smoking in Shabbath?
Shavua/Mazel Tov! - Jan, 2016
Former Christian, ger and confused. Help?
Day School Groups Merge In Big Educational Shakeup
Free Mishnayot Kehati mobile app
Rabbi Yosef Mizrachi Issues Apology And Retraction Over Comments Made About 6 Million Kedosim HY’D
Have you ever experienced God?
Dvar Torah Project: Parshat Shmot
Triple - Gold Kippah (Ft. Joey Madoff)(NSFF) LYRICS
Overcoming Depression according to the Torah
Conservative Judaism’s rebranding effort could signal a sea change
Photo Essay: The Life of HaGaon HaRav Refoel Shmuelevitz ZATZAL One Of The Roshei Yeshiva Of Mir Yerushalayim (Photos By JDN)
French Jews Debate Danger of Wearing Kippa After Teacher Attack
Netherlands: Anti-Semitic vandals attack Jewish home. Door and windows of Jewish house wrecked in Amsterdam, as vandals shouted ‘Jewish cancer’ and ‘liberate Palestine.’
Chelsea Clinton and Ivanka Trump call truce during campaign
Possibly a stupid question... What are your thoughts on Gentiles with Jewish souls?
Why is the Law on stoning in the Talmud different from the Torah?
[Meta Discussion] I feel as though there is an extremely "Anti-Establishment" mindset in this subreddit with regards to Judaism. Does anyone else agree?
What are the (contemporary/modern) duties of a Cohen?
Fugitive Rabbi Accused of Sex Crimes Issues Death Threat Against South Africa's Chief Rabbi
Powerball Hoax Ruins Jewish Nursing Home Owner's Lottery Mitzvah
The genetics of Bene Israel from India reveals both substantial Jewish and Indian ancestry
Friend of mine was honored at the Boston Celtics game last night
Question: Why are we putting salt to the bread before eating it?
2 Jewish Schools In Florida Evacuated After Bomb Threats
Need help understanding Hebrew for a tattoo
Recommendations of music like Mordechai Ben David (MBD)?
Ideas to liven the conversation
5776 Dvar Project: Parashat Bo
What are the most useful teachings in Judaism that every person could benefit from?
Gad Elbaz and Nissim - Hashem Melech 2.0
Ask the Rabbi: 'Are female rabbis acceptable?'
The Swansoner Rebbe
A gay-rights group decides to cancel an ‘intensely divisive’ Jewish event—and then, under opposite pressure, decides to include it. The flawed lesson? The victim who shouts the loudest gets what they want in today’s hyper-politicized cultural climate.
Crack of Dawn (MBD) - Levy Falkowitz and The Shira Choir
Trailer for upcoming doc about Hidden Jews in Ethiopia
THE NEWEST HOLOCAUST DENIERS : Rabbi Wein
Emes Ve-Emunah: Reassessing Rabbi Yosef Mizrachi
Anti-Semitic Incidents Explode in France
Rav Henkin on Carlebach Minyanim
Is Nunez a Jewish last name?
Thanks for the help, r/judaism
All things Jewish!, Wednesday, 1/27
NY Kosher restaurant suggestions
How do you know who your soulmate is?
Is it offensive for non-Jews to say the name of God?
Meet NYC's Oldest Kosher Butcher
Conservative Judaism hires marketers to give it a makeover
US Jewish philanthropist bought winning Powerball ticket for employee
Kosher L'Pesach Tombstone
Can I attend/participate in 2 Shabbat Services (2 Maariv services)?
Is there a Jewish crowdfund?
All things Jewish!, Wednesday, 1/20
Does Judaism have any testable and repeatable evidence for G-d?
What makes a Jewish book Jewish?
/r/Judaism book club discussion: Kosher Nation by Sue Fishkoff
Happy Tu B'Shevat!
The Radical New Face of the Jewish Settler Movement
Photo Essay: Protest Outside Swiss Embassy In London Against Destruction Of Medieval Jewish Cemetery In Zurich (Photos By JDN)
Happened today while working with a Chabadnik friend who is into tzadikim and mekubalim
Charlie Hebdo editor: When Jews are killed, no one asks why
What Is Unconventional Orthodox Judaism?
Since someone already asked about Trump, what do we think of Bernie?
Have any of you on this sub seen the Coen Brothers movie "A Serious Man" If so, what did you think?
Cross posted from r/askhistorian. Why don't the Jews have a holiday to honour those lost in the holocaust, or the defeat of the Nazis ?
Orthodox volunteers who aided search for NJ woman also bail people out of ordinary jams
Kingdom of Semien: The Kingdom of the Beta Israel
The Maccabeats and Naturally 7 - Shed a Little Light - MLK Jr. Day - (James Taylor Cover)
Boycotting The Israeli Medical Association
Why a Kippah Generates Hate
Real People, Real Results! Experience a Complete Body Transformation! Burn Stubborn Fat! Get Free Trial Bottle! [Judaism]
Medieval Economics
PHOTOS: Tallis And Tefillin Lost In Lake Recovered By Lakewood Chaveirim After Tireless Efforts
Sex Dating Free Base. Free access available 2 hours. Hurry up! [Judaism]
What is your favorite thing about being Jewish?
Jerry Lewis’ Unseen Holocaust Comedy Brought To Light
For y'all who have been asking me for a resume.. - I want a boy who is LEARNING..
Philosophical premises for the rejection of Trinity and Christianity?
Heterodox Jews: were you taught to read hand written Hebrew?
I'm looking for Jewish travel accounts (diaries, memoirs, correspondence)
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my tgai
Hydrox is Coming Back - The Return of America’s Favorite Kosher Snack Cookie
1,200-Year-Old Jewish Prayer Book Is Unveiled
Modern Orthodoxy's Right: In Search of a Message
What We Really Mean When We Talk of Assimilation’s Threat to Jewish Identity
A Defense: Why we (the anti-Germans) are pro-Israel - Bunker Magazine
PSA: Remember that if one marries a non-virgin woman, she is to be stoned to death by all of the men of the city (Deuteronomy 21); and if one does any labor on the Sabbath, they are to be stoned to death by your congregation (Numbers 15); Hopefully you reminded the mailman of his impiety today.
Have you ever seen, felt or experienced God?
Yemenite Hebrew
What is the Valley of Bacca in Psalms 84:6?
Would a civil union between a jew &amp; a gentile be okay as a means of being able to convert?
Livnot U’lehibanot – Be Part of the Celebration What is Tu B’Shvat | IsraelSeen.com
Cabinet approves 'historic' decision to create Western Wall egalitarian prayer space
Eichler's is having a huge Artscrool sale, FYI. Some sets are half off.
Project Zug - online hevruta learning platform
Orthodox | movie trailer
Muslim Refugees Arrested in Attack on French Jew
Israeli tourism minister blasts U.S. Reform Jews, says Chelsea Clinton's wedding shows extent of assimilation - Israel News
Ted Cruz Trumpets Endorsement From a Man Who Thinks God Sent Hitler to Hunt the Jews
Some kosher fodder for the Oxford comma wars, from Fischer Bros. butcher on Upper West Side
Official wedding at synagogue a first for Turkeys Jewish community
[X-Post] Happy New Year from Team VerseBot! : VerseBot
"Rabbi" Yosef Mizrachi Talks Like a ISIS Imam About Stoning
What are your experiences with AntiSemitism?
Is using the term "observant Jew" offensive? What is a better way to phrase it?
Where was the story of Moses being tested as a child with gold and burning coal mentioned?
Shavua/Mazel Tov! - Jan, 2016
General Discussion, Thursday, 1/7
Just a reminder, the survey is still live!
This Brooklyn-Based Artist Got Her Start as an Ultra-Orthodox Jewish Schoolgirl From Borough Park
Zemiroth and Piyuttim: Reflecting a Galut-Based Mindset-Interview with Rabbi David Bar-Hayim
LA Jews honor ex-diplomat who saved 10,000 from Holocaust
At the Knesset, a Meeting of the Minds to Discuss Religion as a Conduit for Peace
This video made me hungry
My cat Jethro is not happy about being kept in because of the snow, but at least I got a good picture.
The Missing Speeches in the Plague Narrative and the Samaritan Pentateuch
The women bringing down Orthodoxy
The word "Jew" in English
My ignorance: on peyot
Learning Hebrew without Immersion
Let me ask you something, as a Jew do you like Seinfeld and or Curb Your Enthusiasm?
What do you do for fun?
Tell me about your favorite Jewish hero
The Jihad Against Jewish Hebron
For Israelis who flee the ultra-Orthodox fold, a brave new world
Indian quake rattles 'lost tribe' of Bnei Menashe Jews
The Infinity of One - A New Course from Jewish.tv on the True Nature of the Unity of G-d
Someone, or a group of people on the internet are stalking, harassing and defaming my character because I am Jewish. Any advice on what I should do?
I want to believe in God but I don't know how.
Rav Messas on Giyur
The Akedah, behind the scenes (x-/r/funny)
Biblical Texts- Beshalach
Connecting the dots - Association for Jewish Studies convention offers food for thought
Rewashing After the Bathroom
When people ask "how are you?" Do you respond "baruch hashem"?
158th Anniversary of Eliezer Ben Yehuda Father of Modern Hebrew | IsraelSeen.com
[Judaism] My name is Michelle! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Jews are a Race, Genes Reveal
Peter Beinart Leads Open Hillel Push by 55 Academics
Israel summer programs for the year between high school and college?
yonah kleins divrei torah on yisro
Can I attend shul/temple/synagogue even if I have no plans to convert?
Have any rabbis commented on the idea that the tabernacle was a microcosm of creation?
Is Reform Judaism Becoming More Traditional?
Can you help me with my Dissertation?!
Torah Scrolls?
The antisemitism affecting Jews in Europe currently is horrible. But does anyone else feel like "classic" European antisemitism is being white washed and ignored in favor of blaming the new boogey men that are Muslims?
Pessin Affair Exposes Connecticut College Antisemitism
How a Jewish guide book of Morocco came to be
Being Entrusted With Someone Else’s Property
Nipples pebbled
Chabad Shluchim in France to Distribute Yarmulkes for Yidden to Wear on French Streets
H&amp;M: Your source for cheap &amp; chic Jewish prayer shawls?
Jewish politician on trial in Ukraine invokes blood libel
why is everyone so liberal here
Are you a student who keeps kosher?
No such thing as a silly question, Monday, 1/11
What is the best online translator you know of which can best convert English to Hebrew?
Harry Potter in the Land of the Darda'im (Hebrew)
Number 4 on this Cracked article...well, the gif alone is worth it
A Picture and its One Thousand Words: The Old Jewish Cemetery of Vilna Revisited*
[Request] can someone please translate this? Short back story in comments.
Rabbinate ordered to make public its list of ‘acceptable’ Diaspora rabbis
Tohar Ha-Yichud, A Criticism of Modern-day Orthodox Theology
“The gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable” (Rom 11:29) : A reflection on theological questions pertaining to Catholic-Jewish relations on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of "Nostra Aetate"
what is the point of non-orthodox jewish movements if they don't follow jewish law? are they even jewish?
Don't get married and have kids.
Does the Zohar disprove one of the most fundamental tenets of Judaism?
What do you think Christians get wrong about the Bible?
Perhaps not the correct sub-Reddit, but I'm about to attend a Jewish funeral and I'm not sure how to attend one.
Reform Judaism and kippot
Conservative shuls &amp; trienniel cycle
What Can You Tell Me About Gilgul?
Jewish dating agencies?
'Little Jewboy' moment highlights coming divorce between US Jews and Israel
The LGBTQ Left Has an Anti-Semitism Problem
Mori Sa'id Qahazam in a Shamlei, a traditional Talleth worn by Yemenite Jews during weekday prayers.
Iran's Khamenei releases video denying Holocaust on International Holocaust Remembrance Day
Time to break the silence: An open letter to American Jews
Claim Eve came from Adam's penis dismissed as phallacy
French Jews asked to hide their identity 'until better days'
Bagels and smoked meat: How Jewish foods came to define Montreal’s cuisine
Germany’s Jewish past trumps its Jewish present
Someone is obsessively stalking me because of my religion. What can I do?
The Struggles of a Baal Teshuvah
People who live with a religious family but don't believe in Judaism/God/religion, let's discuss the topic.
The World’s Leading Kabbalist, Guru to Billionaires, Is Going to Jail
Sydney Taylor Award Winners Announced
Haredi Health Minister Releases New Plan To Advance Medical Marijuana Industry
D'var Torah Project 5776: Yitro
Question about sitting Shiva
Jonathan Sacks – To Thank Before We Think | IsraelSeen.com
8 touching stories of Jewish and Muslim friendship
Meet Leah Block, the Jewish Contestant Who Could Be The Bachelor's Chosen One
It's not often these kind of Jewish music videos actually have great lyrics - and accurate references.
When a Starbucks Barista Really, Really Messes Up Your Jewish Name
Swastika picture found attached to Jewish student's car at Reagan HS
51 Places Where the Halacha is not like Maimonides
Haredi in the US: Is “Ultra-Orthodox” Out?
Global Jewish Forum VI - Café Europa
This Day in Jewish History 1786: 'Jewish Socrates' of Berlin Dies at Age 56
A joke from my Rabbi
What are the main prophecies that the Messiah must fulfill in order to be acknowledged the Messiah by the Jewish faith?
Cultural Question : Bridal Showers
I'm an 18yo, grew up a reform jew, became an atheist, am looking to renew my faith. Any interesting books/readings on the more spiritual aspects of judaism?
New Life is Rising: A New Prayer for Tu B’shvat
Chamar Medina: What may be used for Havdallah when there is no wine/grape juice available? [PDF]
Can Jewish Renewal Keep Its Groove On? - After the death of Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, the mystical Renewal movement faces the future
David Hazony – The Ten Commandments – What Do They Really Mean Part I-5 | IsraelSeen.com
Who should keep Iraqi Jewry’s archives, saved from Saddam, now on tour in US?
Nominate Your Candidate For The Jewish Week's 36 Under 36
ArchAngel Michael ("who is like God?")
I don't know if this will help him win the lottery, but it certainly couldn't hurt.
Q re Hosea 1:2- Hebrew "woman" re "wife"
Today I took down a Nazi subreddit for fun
Poll: What's your shul's practice in regards to breastfeeding at shul?
Help me find my name pasuk
My Grandfather
Ultra-Orthodox Yeshiva Controversy
This Site Likely Contains Sex!1ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my tngn
Submission: Hillel should abandon Standards of Partnership to become more inclusive
When it comes to Judaism, are there parts of the religion you have reinterpreted or find conflict with your personal life views? How do you reconcile that?
The Agunah Problem, Part 1; Incarceration and Free Speech
Can Jewish Renewal Keep Its Groove On?
America's top up and coming writer is serializing his first book - and it's a Jewish Epic
Why does the book of Job mention snow and ice so much?
D'var Torah Project - B'Shalach
What do you do when you struggling with the idea G_d doesn't exists
PHOTOS: Top FBI Officials and NYPD Meet 130 Yeshiva Administrators About School Safety – Only ONE Has An Armed Guard
Privacy is good. But privacy != secrecy
New York’s Orthodox Jewish Community and Mayor Bill de Blasio Are In Step. Jewish leaders score mayoral victories on culture, school issues; opponents see a bias
Iraq’s Last Jews Need Our Help
Report: Hadassah covered up its failing finances. Medical organization denies accountants’ warnings of possible financial collapse were hidden from regulator, donors
I saw a person on r/news mention the Talmud permits sex with 3 year old girls. Can someone resolve this for me?
Jewish resources for sex addiction?
Can I go to "Shul" even if I don't want to convert?
What are some great books on Judaism life, culture or history?
French Jews Fear a New Strain of ISIS-Inspired Anti-Semitism
Kirby: Could you handle the truth about your religion?
They Wouldn't Even Bury Her
Maryland School District Adds Muslim Holidays To Keep Jewish Ones
Benny Friedman, Zemiros Group &amp; the Shloime Dachs Orchestra - 2nd Dance
Why don't gentiles do what they're supposed to?
Do edibles (marijuana) require a kosher certification if they are specifically for medical purposes? [Serious]
The Great Isaiah Scroll
How do Jewish people feel about films and TV shows centred around the Holocaust?
Information about names inn hebrew.
Identity/Diaspora Literary Memoirs in Baghdad/Cairo?
Can anyone help this user?
Providence and Revenge
Dialogue doesn’t cost money: A call for a non-Zionist Jewish space at Goucher
The Shir Hama'alot sung under the chupah by Yekkes (German Jews)
Not Insulting Chuppah-Only Invitees
Check out the new custom report button!
Question about teffilin
I heard of a holiday/ritual that I'm not sure about whether it's real or not.
was looking for a cool idea for a radiator cover paint art...
The Orthodox Billionaire Who Saved Kosher Meat Giant Agriprocessors
I am Jewish? - an essay
Jewish-Israeli citizen arrested after saying he helps find Palestinians who sell land to Jews
Hitherto uncited source for the book of Enoch
Snow on Shabbat [Scribd]
I recorded this vocal arrangement of "V'shamru" that I always remembered fondly. Shabbat Shalom!
The Failed Baha’i Prophecy About All Iranian Jews Converting to Baha’ism
R’ Shlomo Yehuda Rechnitz: I Apologize and Ask Mechilah
[Judaism] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Abducted Mexican Jewish Teen Freed After 40 Days
Likening Jews To Animals, Michigan Arab Activist Proclaims Support For Stabbing Jews
Missing Person Alert
Today I took down a Nazi subreddit for fun
I thought I would head off this rumor before it starts here. The nursing home nurse did not win Powerball.
Arson suspected in fire at B'Tselem's office building in Jerusalem
Noahide community and worship
Conservative shul in Denver?
Shavua/Mazel Tov! - Jan, 2016
Are there any Reconstructionists here? Long story from a lover of Judaism.
Where Are All The Non-Orthodox Rabbis? The Move Towards Unaffiliated Schools
Autopsies - Halachic Analysis
German Jewish leaders: We are no longer safe here - Diaspora
Israel boycotters have a new target: Jewish-American school children
Video Response: In defense of R' Yosef Mizrachi
How Jewish Groups Got Spied On By Obama
European Jewish Association: Continue Wearing Yarmulkes in France
Avraham Avinu is my Father: Thoughts on Torah, History, and Judaism (Long read, multiple pages)
Daniel Matt: Introduction To The Study of the Zohar
How does a benoni really improve on himself?
What are your opinions on Oscar Schindler?
Anti-semitism by Christians.
Priests of humanity
My ex - whore, nickname: Samantha118. Search can be registered
An Orthodox LGBTQ+ Wish List
Worried about intersectionality? Oppose the Israeli occupation
[X-Post from /r/Catholicism]: Deus meus. Catebot is now serving Bible verses. Again. And I am SO sorry for all of the turmoil and confusion. : Catholicism
Hebrew Immersion At Camp Ramah
First Female Rabbi Hired by New Jersey Synagogue
Inside the World of Ultra-Orthodox Dating
Bulletproof Stockings offers a different take on Hasidic girl power
