Storage solutions?
Is shop.lego.com barely useable for anyone else?
Longest time spent on a haul??
How do you clean your lego?
Three , Series 14 Minifigure Codes
Where and how is everyone getting the newest Star Wars sets (Freezing Chamber, Droid Escape, etc.), Series 16 Minifigs?
Which Lego sets should I get?
Buy a set of brick link it by parts?
LEGO Time Cruisers Theme (1996 / 1997)
Broken piece. What is the best way to get a replacement?
Anyone else tired of seeing nothing but LDD on Lego Ideas?
Custom Star Wars/Army builder minifigure websites
I was able to get Poe's X-Wing for under $47 last night (1/18/16).
Why I don't like Lego Yoda
Good Taxi for Ghostbusters HQ?
What set do you recommend?
Whys is LEGO so expensive in UK compared to America?
Anybody have any luck finding Poe's X-Wing 75102 in in store in L.A.?
Retroactively adding points to Lego VIP from past purchase?
Christmas haul post build
Best way to sell used sets?
This is gonna sound like a weird question, but has anyone ever built an official set by buying all the pieces separately? I'll elaborate.
First Order TIE fighter Mods (75101)
3053-1 Emperor's Stronghold
Nice collection so far :)
19 Incredibly Practical and Creative Ways to Use LEGO in Your Everyday Life
I have a problem. My collection started when my wife bought me TFA millennium falcon for Christmas. Everything else came after...
Конструктор Брик 502 Космическая серия. Китайская копия #ЛЕГО. Lego Bric...
[Video] My new crush: Star Wars Microfighters AT-DP 75130
I nabbed a deal on a classic: 8880-1 brickbuilt Super Car for around $150
I transferred all my sets to a proper shelf.
Kylo Ren and his Command Shuttle
Ninjago 2016 Summer Prelims - Click through images
Kudos to Lego for including Rey in at least 3 playsets before anyone noticed she was missing in other TFA toys.
The Collector's Office MOC
Possible new Slave 1 to come with Rogue One sets?
Museum of Science and Industry | Brick by Brick
Anyone know what batman this is?
Lego Build On Brick Mug
Nazis, race relations, gender disputes ... Lego controversies explained
Support Sherlock set on Lego ideas
Tales From the Borderlands!
I finally recieved my WALL·E Rework-Kit!
[Lego Ideas] minifigures-scale Batman Tumbler
Red five X-wing engine, or lazily made semi...
My LEGO iPhone dock
A bit of Hero Factory Lego free to a good home.
How much would you pay for this lot? USD or CAD
Got my first Dimension figures, but don't own the game.
My minifig setup!
FIRST LEGO GIVEAWAY 2016 LEGO SHELL 40195 Shell Station LEGO MIXELS 4151...
The Thinker - pondering the robotic existence.
[MOC] A-Wing fighter
Kinda late but, this is what I made my family for Christmas
Tony Stark meets King Halbert
This is a masterpiece
Venator Class Resistance Attack Cruiser MOC
Was building Infernites Max and got little carried away
Duplo dungeon dragon hunters.
LEGO Benny Mecha MK II
Got these 3 sets for ~$90, thanks to Target's clearance section!
I got the double decker couch for Christmas and incorporated it into my January calendar. My girls are having a party!
Nemu from the webcomic series nemu-nemu
Support Carrier
Searching for Meaning - Droneuary MOC
Just built 75019, really disappointed.
My 5yr Olds favorite game of Christmas. I love it.
What 2 hours of Lego Technic looks like
Wow. Lego actually went there...
Обзор лего сити подводная серия 60091 / lego city 60091 review
Shuttle Tydirium about to join his brothers...
First Bionicle in probably 13 years! My Pagan sensibilities have been preyed upon.
Star Wars 75101 First Order Special Forces TIE fighter Speed Build
Different Lego Subreddits
Holy crap, mace windu still lights up!
Best way to sort Lego, by colour or brick type?
I want to get individual pieces to a set from Bricklink. What's the easiest way to do so?
Lego Dimensions with other Hanna Barbera Characters?
Where's 75135 Obi-Wan's Jedi Interceptor (Canada/North America)?
Inventory and wanted list: BrickSet or BrickLink?
How cheap can I find Poe's X-Wing Set?
Introducing Nitro Bricks
Ghostbusters next to a modular
UCS Tumbler dilemma
Have the Star Wars series 3 microfighters been released?
How to cancel an order on lego.com?
"Let's use the same picture as the previous month's!"
As a 22yr old I have no shame in running around re-living the opening scene of Episode III.
Sentry Bot from Fallout
I love being an adult. I present to you my humble collection
It's my birthday on Monday, so the lady at GameStop gave me one of these guys! She made me show my ID to her too
Someone cut open every single series 15 Minifigure pack, some were taped back up.
LEGO BATMAN V SUPERMAN POSTER | SPEED ART
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
I can't be the only one excited for the upcoming release of this project
Welcoming the new sets to the new year, 2016 Haul
Poe's X-wing stand. If only my red bricks were orange. [moc]
MOC mini vehicles
Lego Walle from the Ideas set. Cute little guy.
Fantastic Interview With Lego Designer Jamie Berard
My First MOC Came Out Looking Like a Bad Set From 1999. General Grievous' Ship from Episode 3.
Could anyone ID this?
LEGO MIXELS SERIES 7 MCPD MOC Fan Made Instructions
My BBC Sherlock Minifigures
I Also Ran Out Today and Spent Some Money at the Lego Store! (Potato Quality)
50 States of LEGO: A Road Trip in Bricks by Jeff Friesen
5510-1 Lego Model Team Off-Road 4x4
Finalized the DIY LEGO Ninjago LED wall lamp
Best. AT-AT. Ever.
That seems about right.
/u/ninjakitty7 made these cruisers from the game 'Faster Than Light'. (Xpost /r/ftlgame)
My first lego set in a ling time. I had some helpers
My favorite small set and favorite Minifig keep me company at my desk.
A big Lego Christmas Tree.
Confirming Walgreens Sale: Just got this guy for 16$!
Review &amp; Photos: First Order Snowspeeder
Nexo Knight power list, with icons
So i made BB-8
A local special needs teacher uses Lego in his lessons
Not being lord business isn't easy, but...
Knights Lego vs Dragons and dinosaurs
What delorean lego set is this?!
It arrived...who ya gonna call
10218 Pet Shop on sale £100 at Smyths
Angry Birds Set Images
New Civil War and Mighty Micro pictures
I dub it Malakh, and I am their God. [MOC]
I know there's not much live for Kylo Ren but, he's really become one of my favorites.
Are black background instruction sets common?
I recently reassembled Starkillers ship, 7672 "Rogue Shadow" from The Force Unleashed!
Is the bottom half of 31050 Corner Deli reddish brown or dark orange?
[Question] Luke's Landspeeder 8092
LEGO Marvel's Avengers Preorder Bonuses and Earlier Access
Questions about NY I &lt;3 Yoda
[Question] Should I combine colors?
Where to get polybags?
Anyone know where to find the UCS Tumbler in the UK?
More Building instructions for Lego Classic 10694
Star Wars Lego conspiracy?
Are the Imperial Stormtroopers much different in the Imperial Troop Transport battle pack than original trilogy Stromtroopers?
Is there a place that makes high quality custom figs?
Ecto-1 [question]
Good sets technic parts
I'm building, I swear!
Together at last!
Made room for about half of my LEGO in my tiny apartment.
I haven't bought a set in 10 years and decided to change that. Red Five, standing by! (10240)
"Minifigure" craft I'm making for my nephew's 6th birthday party.
Custom Batman, Bat Cave IPhone Charging Dock for a friend. Feedback appreciated.
Honey, I only want one set....
Went old school tonight
Everybody is buying star wars sets and I'm just sitting about to build this
Got this bad boy on clearance today at Walmart
[MOC] I also made a little pod-racer today
Brickset details from the London Toy Fair are up
Autonomous, co-operative LEGO Mindstorms trains
People is this true?
Gameplay of Prologue, The Snow Battle, Loki vs The Avengers, Red Skull [LEGO Avengers]
Ghost Microfighter Comparison
Rebuilding my early 90's sets, but ive lost the manuals, need help with set numbers
New Years plans, this was my white whale that was under the tree!
My suitcase for my trip back to college
Three Wishes: LEGO Dream Sets
all sorts of summer 2016 lego sets!
Legolism Joker Tattoo art work by Max Pniewski
New year, new lights for the block
A love of lego meets a love of old school Mario
Лего сити глубоководный скутер распаковка игра в лего и лего мультик
Cool Lego Star Destroyer Build #75055
B4 the official version gets released, here's my Ghost Rider MOC. Inspired by video game version
I never noticed how big of a Star Wars collection my little brother has accumulated up until today
Christmas Lego set including the Limited edition gingerbread house
Thanks for the inspiration!
[MOC] Military Wearhouse
New sets arrived at my local Target today :)
I'm not a Star Wars can, but I'm a simple man I see Lego and I buy it
$54 Haul: Series 14 monster figs!
Help me find a set
Need your guys' expertise on choosing my next buy.
[Other] Brick built, minifig scale bears?
What Lego sets are serious collectors looking for?
Can't decide on my next buy, lego star wars
LEGO's Star Wars sets aren't the most accurate when it comes to minifigure scale, but how large would they actually be if scaled down accurately? (AT-TE, Millennium Falcon, X-Wing, and Others)
Does anyone know what the next landmark set will be?
What set provides the best value for $150
Help on sorting lego
Does Lego not make a rounded top window?
Lex Luthor Mech
Was surprised to see 75054 on the shelves
MOC #691522 Geckoentaur Traxformer
Snow day. Sometimes I love being an adult.
Going to be busy for a while
Love the battlepacks, especially the First Order Stormtroopers
LEGO Short "The Last Halloween"
I can't seem to stop finding deals!
Quiz time! Which set is am i building?
Took some constructive criticism and resized my Kylo Ren Command Shuttle into a more Microfighter-like size.
TRU raised the price on C-3PO from 3.99 as supplies dwindle.
My favourite set. Tiny Ferrari! Minifigs for scale
At a standstill with superhero sets, so expanded into the star wars sets
Can anyone tell me about this Lego brick I found outside the Lego land their building in Michigan?
My brother and I are going to sell our Lego collection. I thought you all might like to see what all we had before its sold off.
You should watch this guys, this is very sad. :(
I love the Bricktober mini modular sets. I hope we see more in 2016.
My Minifig &amp; Shot Glass Holder (where to buy in comments)
Not sure where they dug this out of (found at Walmart)
Technic Drag Racer Build Time-Lapse
[MOC] Inquisitor (Physical and Digital)
The Northeastern Floop, cunning bird of prey
Is this store feedback email normal?
I love the new Dawn of Justice Batmobile, so I built a custom Tumbler and a modified version of the Jokerland set Batmobile to accompany it.
My biggest LEGO haul yet, where to begin?
Last look at the fleet for a long time
Fully Operational!
Heres some more blurry pictures of the upcoming star wars legos!
Accidentally made Owen Wilson during my last BrickLink order...
LEGO Outlander (Starz TV series)
(MOCs) My Star Wars micro-scale fleet is growing...
£20/$30 Find! (100% complete)
Electronic LEGO Mega Man Sprite
The Doctor and his guitar
I don't collect modular buildings but I do know a good deal when I see one! (Pet Shop, Target Clearance, $104.98 each)
Dad: "Why don't you give one of your extras from your stack to your nephew for Christmas?" My response: "Those aren't extras."
My custom Doctor Octopus w/ flexible hoses
Stopping by Games top after work paid off!
[LEAK] Star Wars 2016 Summer Wave
My kid got an R2D2 toy for his birthday. It has a place for 4 AA batteries, but has Zero electronics in it.
I'm offended by how young they say I need to be to build their kits. I couldn't afford these impulse buys 9 years ago.
Finally getting close to the end! This VW build is fun yet challenging.
Star Wars Microfighters-inspired 1989 (Tim Burton) Batmobile MOC
My latest build and one of my favourites, first order Tie Fighter
Doctor Who future Lego sets
Help with determining number of bags in Ninjago Fire Temple set.
Good prices on retired LotR sets?
I need a recommendation for shelving...
Rebuilding my youth: 8808
Custom Daft Punk Minifigs
I found a Lego UCS millennium falcon
Proposing Lego club advice needed
Nexo Knights is Classic Castle
What's the deal with Poe's X-wing? (75102)
Best LEGO Technic for under $80?
Firehouse Headquarters is now available
Idea: LEGO History Theme
Are there any good things to read/watch if I want to become better at Technic?
Target YMMV clearance up to half off Chima sets!
Parts Crosslist?
Anyone have any ideas on how to create a cobblestone road on base plates to be used for modulars?
Bring it on blizzard, I got this!!
Ghostbusters Ecto-1 (21108) Review &amp; Full Build Pictures
First bargain find!
These are all the sets I have left from my childhood.
All of Dimensions Wave 3 assembled and ready!
Ultimate Warrior vs the other Hulk
Had a great snow day building this!
Avengers Tower MOC Update #2 - for CallMeKame
A fun observation about generations and LEGO
I built the Lego Hub Birds in Digital Designer. Links in comments.
(Almost) finished Bricklinking my UCS Falcon.
Got back into Lego's during my holiday break from work! Here is the start of my proud collection!
The Internet React to TheFineBros.
NEW NEXO KNIGHTS VILLAINS 2016 (SLIDESHOW REVIEW)
Get the brandnew PROMOBRICKS App für Android &amp; iOS (german)
My Stormtroopers &amp; Resistance soldiers
Brick by Brick, Breaking Down Expensive Lego Sets: 10212 UCS Imperial Shuttle
Made a little improvement to my Millennium Falcon.
Build-in-bag Mixels, but...
5510-2 Lego Model Team Off-Road 4x4
My slave 1 needed a backdrop. just need to work out how to mount it to the frame.
Ford Mustang, F-150 Raptor sets announced at Detroit Auto Show
My custom Minifigure I made. Mostly Ultron but I thought he looked pretty badass.
My Star Wars 7191 X-wing fighter I got for my birthday 15 years ago, you guys might like this one.
So as it turns out, someone's been updating the old CrystAlien Conflict game, as recently as November
You could say I like the Architecture sets...
Timelapse Build of Poe's X-Wing
Shaun The Sheep: Shirley
My Son Turns Two Soon, Loves Robots and Cars, and Only Has Three Starter Sets. I Did My Best
My lego sorting by colour
I built Captain Rex' modified AT-TE from Star Wars Rebels (WIP). Can't wait for the official set to see the new minifigs!
Ninjago-inspired samurai demon
You folks seemed to like my mecha castle, here's his brother the Mobile Fire Temple.
My modular Batcave - a work in progress...
"Only now, at the end, do you understand"
Late Christmas present from my girlfriend.
Imperial Turbo Laser - made from the two mini turrets!
Wellp, I've just been duped.
MetalBeard's Sea Cow, 70810, on sale for $249.99(from $299.99) at Target.com
Modified First Order Transport (75103). Holds 12 standard troopers and 2 flametroopers. http://imgur.com/a/TPRZY
LEGO The Walking Bread - Episode 1
online lego shop?
Other meanings of LEGO terms
Mr freeze, angry birds, 76035 Harley Quinn, and other unreleased figures listed on ebay!
Favourite Model
Stand for a B-wing 75050?
Surprise add-on to my craigslist haul!
Question about Slave 1...
Kylo Ren ship wings
What is the yellow face icon in the instructions for 70816 Benny's Spaceship?
Blasters vs. Stud Shooters?
Can someone help me identify this Lego piece?
I really want to create an Ep. VII Luke Skywalker minifigure. Recommendations for parts?
Lego Store Monthly build help
Question: Best way to sell a bunch of sets?
Well I think it's obvious which one people aren't wanting around here... Personally I love this one!
World war 2 era Russian tank.
Конструктор ЛЕГО. Брик 512 Космическая серия. Космический Шаттл. Быстрая...
Lego spaceship made with pieces from 8093
Lego Ideas is hard :(
My set came with 2 sicker sheets.
We found a box of Legos under my son's bed that we forgot about. Its been there for 10 years! We build tonight!
Girlfriend brought these home today. Can't help but brag! Really impressed with the constraction figure, too.
เลโก้จีน ตึกดิอเวนเจอร์ LEGO Attack on Avengers Tower SY370
Couldn't find Obi-Wan's hairpiece. I think this suits him better.
He might take a bit to finish.
Lego unveils first ever minifigure in wheelchair
With Batman V Superman coming out so soon, I thought you guys might enjoy this
A Girl playing lego and She is willing to complete:)
Finally able to fill up my First Order Transporter and recreate a few of my favorite scenes. [75103] [75139]
[MOC]Wanted to make something with gold pieces and then this happened
This is how to build a nice Pinball Machine With 2 Prizes from LEGO (video)
That Star Destroyer is strong with the dark side.
Lego chess set I designed in LDD and just built!
A little piece of history, Set 956
Get Your Own Face 3D Printed As A LEGO Minifig Head
Today's my lucky day, I found these two for retail price
I built the Slug Cruiser from FTL in microscale, really happy with how it turned out.
Late Christmas present
I used a brush pen to modify one of my First Order Stormtroopers into a Finn.
Review &amp; Pics: Star Wars Microfighters Series 1 TIE Interceptor
legoarmy for any lego military stuff
Building Kylo Ren's Shuttle, my wife grabs the General Hux figure and runs out of the room. Then I find this on facebook.
Better late than never...75827 Ghostbusters Firehouse Designer Video...
THE SECRET WORLD OF LEGO (2015)
My wife surprised me with this classic for my birthday. I'm not a LEGO collector, and I love R2-D2...so should I open it?
LEGO castle 5'x16' more than 30,000 bricks.
Not quite a MOC, not quite a remix. the "Civilian Interplanetary Light Transport Shuttle": a "lightly" modified 76022
He just wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of space.
Putting Lego into handmade frames (not store brought like everyone else), advice? suggestions?
Sheet protectors to hold 2 of the 5" x 8" instruction manuals?
Need help tracking down a lego set
Finding cheaper pieces
So which one is beter?
How do you shop for missing bricks?
Best place to get Harry Potter sets in the uk?
Lego Dimensions Question (from someone who has played skylanders)
Should I buy Red 5 X-Wing now or wait?
Want to collect the modular buildings
Death Star Final Duel, or Battle on Takodana?
Ideas for the 8293 power functions motor set?
*Spoliers* Question about a Captain America Civil War set.
Multi Universe Battle Scene
After seeing everyone else's posts, I decided to show off my 15 year long collection.
Help needed to build a bridge
Trying to prepare a LEGO Games themed panel at PAX East 2016. I'm gauging interest and looking for feedback! [X-POST r/PAXEast]
[Set Leak] 75151 Clone Turbo Tank
Bionicle(2001): Toa Tahu rendering[OC]
Devils Rejects Lego set?
After 20 years my first over $100 Lego set!
Productive day of Lego-ing sets I got from my son for Christmas.
My wife legomized us for our wedding 1-16-2016
Lego Cereal Box
Advanced Snowspeeder - Built for FBTB's Star Wars: Evolved contest
My Star Wars shelves
Awaiting Search &amp; Rescue
LEGO B-MODELS &amp; MOC - MOC #681502 Caterpillar Spacecraft
The droids are on the run in the "Droid Escape" build.
Me, my partner and our son had a little trip to the Lego shop today.
MOC: The Bloomin' Onion - Spaceship I've been working on for the past year and a half. (LDD design linked in comments)
Put my own spin on Lego Minecraft The Cave
My first ucs set, it makes my first order tie fighter look tiny
Seeing the another customized Falcon from my first post thought this would be interesting to just see what everyone's different sets looked like and how we've all made them our own.
My new favorite Marvel set: 76022
All that's left
Can you tell me which sets this might belong to?
A bit behind on builds lately...
Lego Ghost Rider with Bike!!!
Lego Competition in Rural Uganda
My 6 year old son's mini train
I'm more of a Starwars guy but I couldn't pass this up.
Gamble on a Chrome Vader?
Buy UCS Slave 1 or wait for UCS Snowspeeder?
Moc Jetpack for Cragger
Aussie Lego fans PSA! Series 15 found in Big W, Target, and Little Sprout in Canberra!
Do you think they will release an Interdictor-class Star Destroyer set?
Looking for Instructions for Imperial shuttle and AT-ST
What has 2 thumbs and bought the last Tumbler in the store?
New MOC - The Lake House
Vector image to Lego Design
Heads up: some new 2016 sets cheaper at Target.com
Don't forget to bring you Calendar Coupon!
I modded the Kylo Ren Command Shuttle set to make the wings fold out into a flying position (Technic Method).
Question about compatibility with new and old trains tracks
Started in December. Once you pop you can't stop.
Want to create a simple lego Valentine Gift? Any idea? I am thinking of a heart box.
You asked for it: the c. 2000 version of /u/ PM_ME_YOUR_BEERBELLY's "Together at last!"
Oh it's on at our house!
My Bricklink'd UCS Falcon - few pic's of the build. And now working on some custom bits.
Almost forgot my fav Minifig
Lego Simpsons Display
Anyone know where this is from?
Why is series 15 so hard to find, yet almost everywhere I go around me, I can find series 14?
Saw this on a shelf in a Lego store, could not resist
Imperial Turbo Laser - Made from two 75132-1 mini turrets!
A new blurry photo of 75149 resistance X-wing!
LEGO Asami's Satomobile (Legend of Korra)
I just built this little guy, pretty fun, and i love the minifig :)
Blast from the past.
Star Wars: Episode VII's Niima Outpost, In LEGO Form
MOC Star Destroyer i made around 5 years ago
Modified the Resistance X-Wing microfighter to fit an Astromech droid and be a bit more movie accurate
Custom little BatCar thingy I made.. (Not sure what to call it)
Retired Star Wars sets haul... Before they get any more expensive.
Does anyone know what this guy is called and what set he come in?
Please help - first time buying LEGO on Craigslist...
Speeder Bike and Scout Trooper MOC: CHIPS - Central Headquarters Imperial Pursuit Squad
Leaked pics of 76052 Batman Classic TV Series - Batcave
Hastily Constructed Torture Device MOC
Made a LEGO Ninjago LED Lamp
Started buying Lego 5 Month ago. got a pretty good Marvel collection by now. Just wanted to show off :)
Alternate Resistance Troop Transporter Configuration
$82.50 on Walmart.com right now. $99 in store.
The much anticipated brown box arrived!!
Help identifying this piece?
Saw a post here with a tumbler, decided to make my own! [MOC]
Rogue One sets coming in October (possible movie spoilers inside)
Star Wars 75133 &amp; 75134 Set Names?
Years ago, I built this LEGO set. I can't remember what it's called.
How do you share your Lego hobby with your kids, or, "I am going Lord Business on his butt"
Are the bump codes for Series 15 available anywhere?
Lego Old Fishing Store
Where the heck are people displaying the Ghostbusters firehouse?
Millennium Falcon 75105 - Studless (WIP) - Advice?
Lego FTL Ship Instructions?
Has anyone subscribed to the BrickBox Club?
I just sighted and bought my first series 15 minifigures (Australia) woo!!
Anyone else disappointed The Fortrex doesn't include Jestro?
Dumb Question About Series 14 Minifig Polybags
Percy, Annabeth, Grover.. and some Timbits
Last time I showed off my minifigures, here's my star wars set collection that started with the millennium falcon this Christmas
New set from the Hobbit yesterday (Sorry for crappy quality, first post)
My winter key's holder
Harry Potter Lego chess looks incredible!
Vintage Lego Collecting &amp; Investing Part 1: Town Square 1592
My Sunday morning haul. All reduced :)
Cool lego channel
How many minifigures can the UCS Slave I hold?
Конструктор Sluban Пожарный Вертолет. Китайское Лего. Лего быстрая сборка. #Lego
Look at these newwwww star wars figures unkaar, teedo :o
My first Lego sets in 18 years!
My Star Wars Collection, including a few MOCs and mods
Lego Arkham Asylum Moc (Brickvention 2016 Moc)
Bought the last 10695 at my local Wallyworlds and found this inside. Can you help identify?
Finally some public transport for the city. Built a cheap 60051 with lights &amp; added white for that ICE look!
Now hiring Master Builders!
Donald Trump 2016
Lego Star Wars Droid Tales Episode 2: Crisis on Coruscant Part 5
My nephew wanted me to build a Dragon. This is the result.
Пожарная машина мультфильм лего. Лего Брик пожарные 901. Лего быстрая сб...
I upgraded my TIE interceptor
My first one in a few months. Feels good.
Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey Time Crash! or How I spent my Sunday morning
Any idea how this was made? I can't figure out how to get the front of the ship (the blue part) to angle
Someones job may have been lost... LENGHT
Figured you guys would appreciate this creative use of Legos!
BATMAN ARKHAM ORIGINS SET!!!
My 501st clone troopers including Fives Jesse Rex Echo and Hardcase
Lego Globe by dirk b (2013)
Stormtroopers with French mustaches! Is this right? I don't think so.
LEGO Star Wars - The Force Awakens Buildable Figures 2016
Official LEGO Architecture Happy New Year Video
Let's Build Lego Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 30271 Polybag
I build two Coruscant taxis (from Star wars) :)
Y u do dis, Lego?
Forgot Who This Was/What Set He Belongs To. Thanks In Advance!!!
I Live In A Small Apartment and Have A Small Collection. I Don't have a Ton of Room for Displaying Figs, But I Love LEGO's New Display Cases!! They Fit Perfectly On My Desk!!
My boy wanted Marshall from Paw Patrol. This is as good as it gets from me.
Just got this as a bonus from the LEGOS store. Anyone else receive this or know what it is?
My most expressive sets.
"Disabled" Minifigure Now Available
LEGO® Creator - Brick Bank (10251) Designer Video
Where's Carbonite Freezing Chamber, and Droid Escape Pod?
Looking for photo series of amazing wizard's castle that I came across years ago.
Looking for top-level landscape (illustrated or satellite) for DIY Lego building mat.
Just curious: Did anyone buy the Pirates Chess Set for army building purposes?
[Question] MOC makers: What is your workflow?
Stupid question.. i think..
Kylo Ren Command Shuttle trans red mod
Lego Room Interior Ideas?
How do I use rebrickable?
Any news on when the delayed 2016 Star Wars sets are coming to the U.S.?
Lego Ideas Wheel of Fortune set. Featured on the official Wheel of Fortune Twitter page and website!
My First Craigslist Haul
What is the best kit available today for under $20?
How long does it take for orders to ship?
Because so far 2016 is good to me
Iconic keyboards and synthesizers: Yamaha, Roland, Korg, and Nord.
Frobot. Can you dig it?
Are any of these parts Lego?
/r/lego help me! Does anyone know what set this came with?
He needs your support!!! I want to be able to purchase this!
[Nexo Knights MOC] Battle Carriage v0.5
Legoland FL hiring for Exclusive Builder Positions at new "Merlins Magic Making Hub."
Citizen Brick makes the coolest custom figs!
Took my Volvo Loader out in the snow to have some fun.
First pic of Dragon Queen Rescue! [source: zusammengebaut]
LEGO STARWARS CAPTAIN PHASMA FAN POSTER | SPEED ART
Here they come! Look how quick Australia is!
Thanks to /u/ShpadoinkleyDay I have rebuilt my childhood King's Castle!
Shortened the nose of my Tydirium Shuttle (75094) with 1 stud. Looks a lot better imo...
Went through and rebuilt my childhood lego collection from the 90's - I have a lot more where this came from!
Is this Stormtrooper a misprint?
Found this at Walmart and its beat to hell. Do I buy it or not?
