Am I gay?bi?confused? Need some advice
More Straight Guys
How is the term "Pansexual" not considered offensive?
How do you meet other lesbians?
I wish that I had lesbian friends. Should I not?
I'm a 15 male and I'm bi and I think I'm transgender but I need some advice like if what I'm going though is normal or what I should do next exe.
Never dated....
Jewish transgender man gives birth
Gay Syrian Refugee's Hope Of New Life Tested By Dutch Camps
Blood, sweat and tears
Mark My Words: LGBT History - It's Not What You've Been Told -#Boom Magazine|2016
Twitter Users are Using This Hashtag to Call Out Racial Divides in the Gay Community
My name is Ashley. I am transgender mtf. I am on hormones, but am still having intimacy issues from my genitalia. Please help!
In countries where gay sex is taboo, Grindr and other apps open a (sometimes perilous) window
eagles This nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! It's is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt! NО PАYS, АND ОTHЕR BULLSНIT!
Gay Conference Reverses Decision to Boot Group With Israel Ties
An Interview with a Transgender Woman with a Biological Child who is Gay.
Find a Datemate!
Help for a friend
I'm pro-gay/lesbian rights but not sold on transgender??
Research Participants Needed!!
Family problems with gay people
My Parents Won't Confront/Accept My Sexuality.
Input on film and fund raisers for HS GSA!
Can you help me argue against this homophobe?
Hoosiers rally at Statehouse for LGBT protections
Gay Bloggers Davey Wavey and Colby Melvin Share Everything They Know About Being a Good Bottom: VIDEO
India’s First Graphic Anthology Of Queer Narratives Is Here!
Season called off for Tennessee boys' basketball team after freshman player charges he was raped
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: David Bowie dies at 69 of cancer
‘Pay To Pee’ Bill For Transgender People
Bi Bi 2015! Happy New Year!
Too young for Tinder, LGBTQI youth find love through Tumblr
LGBT People Reveal Why David Bowie Was So Important To Them
High school swimmer forced to confront himself after nun said he chose to be gay
“Lesbians should go to Iceland”
[lgbt] Charming and attractive girl will brighten up your leisure. 18+
Indiana lawmaker invokes Jared Fogle, killers and fat people in discussing LGBT rights
Lesbians Touch Penis For The First Time! - YouTube
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Revealed - How Kim Davis got her SOTU invite
Alabamians hold rally in favor of impeaching Roy Moore.
Folks, we now have marriage equality, but a flurry of "religious liberty" bills are popping up nationwide once again. It is VERY important that we vote this year, and that our allies vote, too. Join thunderclap and share online voter registration info with all your friends on social media!
Salt Lake City’s first openly gay mayor sworn into office
Tennessee Parents Wage War On Gay-Straight Alliance, Compare Club To ISIS
Do lesbians change their appearance to attract other lesbians?
Question on proper condom use
I have no idea what my romantic orientation is.
Anyone have any updated info on chik-fil-a??
West Hollywood man gets 12 year sentence for killing and mutilating doctor boyfriend
Racist Toronto TS escorts Vivienne Doll and Andrea Mendes rant about black people
Republican Dipshits In Virginia Want To Charge Transgender People $50 To Use The Bathroom
The Mormon Church "mourns" LGBT suicides among their youth by reminding us that we can stay in their church if we pretend to be cisgender heterosexuals
Alexis Arquette calls out Will and Jada Pinkett Smith as 'gay hypocrites' in detailed Facebook post alleging Will's first wife left him 'after walking in on him and another man'
Bernie Sanders's $15 an Hour, Flawed
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Hate group Family Research Council applauds Roy Moore's sad, illegal attempt to halt marriage equality
Mom's reaction to son coming out is a whole new level of awesome parenting
[Metalgbt]let's play together here 18+
India's first transgender band releases a music video based on Pharrell Williams' hit single Happy
[lgbt] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
Gay Marriage in India | Anti-Gay Rant
Tampa Bay area school creates transgender bathroom policy
#FaithfullyLGBT Photoseries Captures Queer People Of Faith
(Trailer) GAYCATION with Ellen Page and Ian Daniel
If Supreme Court Sides Against Unions, It's Bad for LGBT Workers
Got this lovely piece of RooshV supporter hate mail this morning. Be safe everyone.
We aren't going to confiscate your gender
Human Rights Campaign Endorses Hillary Clinton for President (Youtube Video)
Straight guy calls radio to ask if OK to act gay with his straight friends [audio]
Pride. How we are raising our kids to be open-minded.
Looking for LGBT bloggers
Need help to NOT being a homophobic person
Meeting straight/ bi butch women.
HOPING FOR A FUTURE LIKE THIS
Queer filmmaker Joseph Wilson explains why drag is his ecstasy
This LGBT sci-fi novel trailer is f-ing hot and I think that's the girl from Ray Donovan
Jewish LGBTQ Group 'A Wider Bridge' driven out of Chicago conference by regressive left protesters
Anti-gay slurs mar Inter Milan beating Napoli to reach Italian Cup semis
Pope Francis Defends Traditional Marriage &amp; Suggests Gay Marriage Is Not Part Of God's Dream
Please take a look at my fundraiser. Donate if you can. Please share it if you can't.
James Franco new TV series about the Porn industry
Gay Men Touch Vagina For The First Time!
My Wife and I Are (Both) Pregnant
Italian Gay Couples Risk Having Their Surrogate Kids Taken Away In New Amendment
‘Will &amp; Grace’ Cast to Reunite for Ten-Year Anniversary Special.
TRIPLE STANDARD From 2010 comes this provocative and sexy short gay move about an ex professional sportsman who must face reality of lose his BF
Moominland Tales: The Life of Tove Jansson (2012) "The Moomins have delighted readers around the world. But how did they come into existence and who was their author? Tove Jansson's eventful life saw many changes in her family, her relationships and native country of Finland."
New Mexico Starts the New Year With a Bill to Discriminate Against LGBT People
Exploring my gender identity and feminine side.
Your thoughts?
Are these signs that he likes/is interested in me?
HuffPost - "Here's What It's Like To Be A Straight Man Who Has Sex With Other Men"
LGBT people are gross and don't realize their sexuality is made up by the devil.
i fucking despise lgbt rights
Question Regarding Sexual orientation for Non-Binary Individuals
Are there any good lesbian web series I am looking for comedies or drama web series about being lesbian
I dont like men, but I like penis, does that make me a homo?
Today, the Human Rights Campaign endorsed Hillary Clinton for President. While Bernie Sanders was voting AGAINST DOMA in 1996, Hillary Clinton was opposed to marriage equality as recently as 2013. This endorsement is, quite simply, bullshit.
List Of Schools Allowed To Discriminate Against LGBT Students Will Be Published Online
Court to hear China’s first gay marriage case on Jan. 28
Incredible: The 15 Children Of The Ham Family -
I went home to my grandmothers over the holidays. This was on her kitchen table just laying out. If only she knew how much of a sinner I am.
Russia's Duma rejects bill banning gays from coming out
Anglican Communion Suspends U.S. Episcopal Church Over Same-Sex Marriage
Starting with the end in mind. Why are you writing a book?
This Webseries Sets A New Standard For Media Made By LGBT People
10 músicas que são verdadeiros hinos para a comunidade LGBT
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Rubio promises to 'uphold the Constitution' (except for when he tries to take rights away from gay families)
The GOP Presidential Race Is About to Get Very Antigay
Two Activists Are Crowd Funding a Transgender Modeling Agency in India
25 Trans Pioneers &lt;3
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: FL pastor - gays are stalking, murdering children who won't have sex with them
This girl I liked challenged my gender identity
SO wants to come out as trans, but is scared to do so. I do not know how to be supportive.
How do you think I might be able to find out more about my own sexual orientation? Am I even bi? So confused
I was verbally harassed / bullied in a Nashville bar over the weekend.
I had sex in a very unusual place new year's Eve! !
Is coming out even worth it?
Getting older, still in the closet, what can I expect?
So I have a question.
How would you react to a survivor of conversion therapy? (Personal story)
House panel rejects bill blocking gay marriage in Tennessee
The Year We Imagined The End Of The Closet
Ted Cruz Assures Voters He Will Address ‘Crisis’ Of Gay Marriage: Cruz also lambasted the Obama administration for deciding to light the White House in rainbow colors following the Supreme Court’s decision.
Young gay man kidnapped and tortured for five days in Guadeloupe
This made me absolutely tear up.
Ariel Winter and Nash Grier Feud : People.com
Got a nice weekend? Two new bi women here waiting to start a new week. How bout U?
Britain’s spy security service MI5 leads way in LGBT equality
Anti-LGBT radio host: There’s nowhere left to shop because everywhere is pro-gay
How To Be "Straight Gay": The Russell Tovey Method
700 German churches vote to marry same-sex couples
School shielded student's documentary about homophobia from families at arts night
How Bisexualoffish Helps You Date Bisexuals
Guy Friends See Each Other Naked (Prank) Opens Up Interesting Conversations | Video
A Trans Reflection
A Christmas proposal at Broadway's "Wicked"
Lesbian to Ben Carson: ‘You’re full of sh*t’
Being Transgender - It's not a choice or mental disorder.
Gay man outs another gay man on facebook against his wishes, calling it "Coercive Karma" for wanting to be closeted.
Lebanon grants trans people right to legally change their gender - Gay Star News
Chechk out what this girl is doing to propose to her girlfriend
did anyone ever come out back to you after you came out to them?
I'm confused, does this make me bisexual?
New sub fofr LGBT aspies!
Candy POP launches new LGBT Music Festival for the RDS Arena, June 25th
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: BREAKING - Anti-gay hate group leader Tony Perkins officially endorses Ted Cruz
A story about violence against transgender women, and how police often mistreat victims
Brief Introduction of Bidatingsitesreview and also thank 3 thousand new users after last blogger.
Gay refugees in the Netherlands: "Aversion is turning into curiosity" (translation in the comments) x-post from /r/gaybros
Campaign to get the Home Office to change statutory guidance on coercive control to be gender/sexuality-neutral
Fátima Taleb, a Muslin councilor in Spain, officiating a gay marriage last week
Don't Leave Behind Equality for Transgender Americans
Judge in same-sex divorce custody case rules nonbiological parent has parental rights
Trans Film Director Lana Wachowski Is the New Face of Marc Jacobs Collection
First Gay Kiss on Kiss Cam in NHL History at LA Kings vs Toronto Maple Leafs Game @ Staples Center
Mike Huckabee is furious he didn’t get endorsed by anti-gay marriage groups
5 Things Gay Guys In Relationships Shouldn't Say In GIFs
#TBT: In a bold departure with tradition, Clinton made the promotion of equality for gay people a core value of U.S. foreign policy.
EVERY LGBT should know and love this video .. be able to recite the lyrics!
I risked getting kicked out of my conservative Christian college for...Well, I guess you could say sexual favors for a charitable cause?
Find a Datemate!
I never struggled with my sexuality
Today Someone Asked Me Why GSM People Have to Come Out; Here's My Response, Feel Free To Use It!
I had a bad same sex experience and it led me to becoming consumed with hate
LGBT OF ILLINOIS KIK GROUP
A Gay Military Family Shares Their Journey To Fatherhood
Georgia Senator Says Horrendous Anti-Gay Bill Promotes Principle of 'Live and Let Live' [VIDEO] Towleroad
Honestly Deceptive: The Art and Science of Self-deception
Clinton endorsed by Human Rights Campaign
These Queer, Gender Non-Conforming Dancers Are Shaking Up Alabama
Manchester based? Offer for free tickets to the National Gay Wedding Show 2016
Qatar bans trans film The Danish Girl over 'depraved' content
Report: Syphilis surge in Erie County linked to gay hook-up apps like Grindr
Makeup Artist Makes An 8-Year-Old Boy's Drag Dreams Come True
"Staunchly anti-gay" father "struggles" with his own homosexuality
MI5 named Britain’s most LGBT-friendly employer
I'd like your help brigading my country's same sex marriage poll
Are Bisexuals sexually fluid?
"So...are You a Lesbian Now?"
I need to call Blood Services and tell them why I need to be taken off the Stem Cell donation list... I'm freaking out
Under what spectrum of bi do I fall under?
Is my binder too tight/small? (Ftm)
LGBT support series
Hey. Questions about coming out to parents. I am 18 yr old senior.
Finance company settles trans discrimination case with $115,000
I was sent this lovely piece of hate mail from a RooshV supporter for making a comment on the alert thread earlier. Be safe everyone.
University of Edinburgh Bans Students From Cross-Dressing At Halloween
In '03 Katherine Zappone and Ann Louise Gilligan married in Canada and started a long campaign to get their marriage recognised in Ireland. Today, the President of Ireland joined them as they were able to legally renew their vows in Dublin!
Seven transgender women have been murdered in Detroit since 2011. The harm runs far deeper than the headlines.
This is why we call bidatingsitesreview the BEST!!!
15 Ways To Spot A Lesbian According To Some Really Old Medical Journals | Autostraddle
Mark My Words: An Endearing - And Empowering
Most gay and lesbian researchers are out in the lab
Haven't see any drag king memes yet, so I guess I made the first one :)
LGBT activists thwart Russia's anti-gay laws with rainbow-clad march on Moscow
Chinese Gay Couple Makes History By Suing Government for Right to Marry.
FedEx Denies Benefits to Lesbian Because Her Wife Died Six Days Before DOMA Was Overturned
We went to the Supreme Court in Montgomery yesterday, because Judge Roy Moore's religious beliefs are interfering with his job
LGBT arts festival returns to Brisbane after successful 2015 summer season
Austin Women's Prom Valentine's Eve 2016
Opinions of the refugee crisis in Europe?
(Discussion) Do you think people are being homophobic without even trying/meaning it?
Translation of interview with co-author of Russia's new law that bans any kind of homosexual public display of affection
Same-sex marriage needs to be legalised, Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews tells Midsumma Pride March.
Who’s Afraid of Gender-Neutral Bathrooms? - The New Yorker
So, apparently The U.S. Government contemplated the idea of creating a "Gay Bomb" to use against their enemies during the 1990's.
Gay Florida Man Complains After Receiving ‘GAY’ License Plate From Auto Dealership
The Olympics Just Became Much Friendlier For Transgender Athletes
Marine Corps boot camp, job titles to be gender neutral
Judges Announced For International Mr. Leather 2016-Boom.lgbt|2016
Human Rights Campaign Questionnaire: Martin O'Malley
Archbishop of Canterbury says sorry guys! It's all over now! No more religious discrimination! /s
Sports Equality Foundation -- An Organisation To Encourage Gay Athletes To Come Out Has Just Launched
My Experience of Bisexual Dating. True story
Gay TCU Swimmer Attempted Suicide Before Finally Accepting His Sexual Orientation
India: Boy, 15, sets himself on fire after he's teased for being gay
Indiana Took $60 Million Hit After Passing Antigay Law
San Bernardino Shooting Victim, California High Schoolers, Stand Up to Westboro Baptist Church
X-post r/bisexual- Interesting take on gender queer actually being regressive for women and trans. “Gender is not a binary, it’s a spectrum”: some problems
I want to understand a certain kind of transsexual better.
LGB hate me as I am T
Stereotypes affect everyone.
[TW] At a loss of words
"Gay Rights" isn't the same as "LGBT Rights"?
Falling soooo so hard!!
Help please, sexually confused?
Afraid of coming out...
Im so confused... thankyou
For Gay Man Kicked Out of Army in 1955, Vindication
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Anti-gay right angry at Biden for speaking against anti-lgbt violence, persecution
Kim Davis To Attend Obama's State Of The Union Address
Is LGBT democracy and rights in danger?
First transgender candidate stands for election in Ireland
Sundance Audience Members Walk Out After Gay Sex Scene
Brighton College scraps uniform code for transgender pupils
Standing Out and Reinventing Yourself with Guest Dorie Clark [Podcast]
Thousands March In Rome For Gay Rights
Real Talk: TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
Lesbians React To Touching A Penis For The First Time - VIDEO
Why Gus Kenworthy Is Glad He Didn't Come Out At The Sochi Olympics
FIFA fines 5 countries for anti-gay chants in games
[lgbt] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Hawaii lawmakers introduce bill to ban Gay Conversion Therapy
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Anti-gay activist Theodore Shoebat furious that other bigots think of him as too mean
Giving away some of my gay pride shirts. US only
Chinese firm buys 60% stake in gay dating app Grindr
Need help in getting feminine haircut!
Twins and Sexuality
I think my little brother is gay. Advice?
Any other queer anarchists or far-lefts?
What does my crush mean?
I'm very confused??? Am I gay or bi or straight?
I came out on Facebook
Genderqueer pansexual master's student putting out a call for participants for my research study
How to debunk the claim that transgenderism is a mental illness?
Sexually Confused, any advice?
How it all went down with Jesus and his followers.
Asylum Seekers In The Netherlands To Be Educated On LGBT Rights
[TW: Transphobia] Jeremy Clarkson claims trans children have ‘minds poisoned by lunatic parents’
Do the world happy today for our children in LGBT couples
Tennessee former Southern Baptist church members vote to marry gay couples in their church
Police Say Hate Crime Suspect Demanded Oral Sex from Victim During Gay-Bashing
This Awesome New School For LGBT Youth Will Be Life Changing
As a transman it's important to have a sense of humor.
Education minister in Alberta unveils phenomenal new guidelines for LGBTQ persons.
School For LGBT Youth Called First Of Its Kind In Georgia
UT study: 'Born this way' beliefs may not be the key to reducing homophobia
Alaska Legislators Attempting to Enact 'Kim Davis'-style Exemption to Avoid Marriage Equality
I have feelings for one of my suitemates who is straight
All gay people should commit suicide. Gay people are a flaw in the gene pool. Everyone that's gay should kill themselves so they can stop contaminating society.
I need some advice about coming out...
My parents need help with the process.
Gay Syrian refugee's hope of new life tested by Dutch camps
The more things change, the more they stay the same. Greek poet Theognis (550 BC) on his high maintenance boyfriend.
Taking Any Ideas For Gay Erotic Illustrations
Two bisexual women, wanna join them? Find bisexual beauties here
Tennessee Parents Attack Gay Straight Alliance at Local High School Comparing it to ISIS.
The Minnesota Supreme Court Just Got Its First Openly Gay Justice
Report: Islamic State executes teenager for 'homosexuality'
Nine Pennsylvania LGBTQ Blogs You Should Follow
[lgbt] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:tilaaa
GOP Senator Forces First Openly Gay Army Secretary Nominee To Temporarily Step Aside
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Dear Kim Davis, you are being exploited!!
States plan new rounds of debates on religious freedom, LGBT rights
Explaining genderqueer to those who are not
Funny Video: "Coming Out As Trans-Everything"
Can States Protect LGBT Rights Without Compromising Religious Freedom?
My (gay) best friend keeps shaming me for buying pink stuff for my daughter, and I don't know how to respond
So erm...(gay) 'sex' [nsfw]
A wikipeida page of a List of lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender-related films of 2015
Illegal Immigrants Are Now Stoning Transgenders
Kansas anti-discrimination bill seeks to protect to LGBT
Homophobic Pastor's Harlem Church Up for Public Auction Over Unpaid Debts
A surprising number of heterosexual men have had gay sex
Federal Prosecutors Order Alabama to Obey Supreme Court Ruling on Gay Marriage
LGBTQ &amp; the Bible, a lively lecture. 90 minutes of queer theology. From Sodom to Transgender Saviors
When the THIRD gender sings "Happy"!!
Parents wage war on high school Gay-Straight Alliance in TN, compare the club to ISIS
Disney, Say Yes to Queer Characters
Straight guy calls radio to ask if it's OK to act gay with his straight friends [audio]
I really like this guy but i'm not gay
advice: how to comfort upset trans/non-binary friend?
This subreddit is gay.
A Note My Niece Wrote in Class
What to say about an ex-spouse who came out as a lesbian
Seeking unmarried lesbian couples for womans skin care line ad
Being Pan, Trans, and Disabled... Looking for therapy advice &amp; staying safe.
This Vehemently Anti-Gay Church Might Get The Ultimate Karmic Smackdown: An LGBT advocacy group hopes to secure the ATLAH World Missionary Church for its homeless clients.
I Do Sex Work So I Can Look at Myself in the Mirror — The Development Set
Half of Straight Americans Think LGBT People Have Equal Rights
A Gay Military Family Shares Their Journey To Fatherhood
Wake up Italy! To send a signal to our Parliament in favor of Civil Unions 90 Italian cities organized flash mobs and walks. Naples held a little Pride parade and I was there! [x-post r/ainbow]
A history of same-sex unions in Europe
Love yourself Justin Bieber (Cover)
Rowan Blanchard comes out as Queer
Christian school says 8-year-old girl looks and acts too much like a boy
The mission of the “I am ____” Project is to open a window into the lives of trans individuals in order to promote awareness, education, and compassion through the medium of photography. Photography has often been used as a tool for education and awareness.
Commercial Culture Wars: People in the US go crazy over inclusive commercials, yet in the UK, they hardly register a reaction at all.
Why I Stayed With My Husband When She Became My Wife
New York Wedding Venue Loses Appeal To Refuse Serving Same-Sex Couples
Are Bisexuals Shut Out of the LGBT Club?
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Anti-gay hate group attacks ad for featuring same-sex family
Do You Want to Date A Bisexual Woman?
School district to adopt policy for transgender students
Virginia Del. Mark Cole Valiantly Defends Restrooms, Showers from Non-Biological Males, Females
Carina, 18, Identifies as Plus-sized Tattooed Monogamous Queer and Femme #AMPLIFY
Any Grindr/Jack'd type dating apps for people who like 1. Femboys, 2. Transgirls, 3. Older men who like emo/scene guys?
I'm Bi, and my parents wont let me sleep over at straight friends house.
I am a old but new youtuber.
Gavin Stands Up For Transgender Kids Everywhere [xpost /r/PoliticalVideo]
Russia's AIDS Epidemic Reaches Crisis Levels
Pride Tape aims to help hockey's LGBT community
John F Kennedy’s gay best friend had his own bedroom in the White House
Proposed religious freedom bill defended by Virginia GOP House and Senate members
A church in Australia is asking your forgiveness for Anglicanism's failure of LGBTI people
The story behind the same-sex smooch on L.A. Kings’ kiss cam
60% Of Americans Are Satisfied With Level Of Gay Acceptance
New Russian Bill Aims To Make Coming Out Illegal
The most objective and professional analysis of the top 5 bisexual dating sites
What do you guys think of my game collection?
Bullying Hinders Youth Development in Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual Teens
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: 'LGBT community pays tribute to David Bowie' &amp; other Mon. midday news briefs
Any WELSH traditions, cultures, superstitions etc around queer people? (I am a Kiwi pansexual medical student hoping to do some research especially comparing to our Takatapui (Maori queer) people, but need a place to start. Also interested in Slovenian queer culture.)
Can anybody help me out?
19/F Bisexual female questioning the strength of my attraction to men, thoughts?
LGBTQ Dance Classes at OUT to Dance
Beyond Laramie: The Matthew Shepard Legacy
how to make the relationship official by asking her out?
Coming Out as LGBTQ and Atheist: A Response to David Silverman
Something I realized just now [Don't the straight guy]
is my friend gay?
Wearing pads with boxer briefs? (ftm)
Poll: Do you think Caitlyn Jenner is a good face for the Transgender Movement? Why or why not?
‘Carol’ and ‘Transparent’: Women in Love, Then and Now
Free information integration and presentation of bisexual dating. The most honest and objective
Cool map for finding out what LGBT laws are around the world
Portugal's President Blocks New Same-Sex Adoption Law After Parliament Approves Bill
Jeremy Clarkson Says Trans Issues Don't Exist. Parents Have Poisoned Their Kid's Minds And Are Free To Live A Lunatic Life.
Losing My Virginity - My First Time, My Worst time (sexual abuse experience)
The governor of Montana has signed an executive order that will protect LGBT state employees from discrimination.
Gay Couple Who Have Been Together 55 Years Will Celebrate First Valentine's Day As A Married Couple. This is cute.
Watch: How Voguing is Saving Young LGBT Lives in Detroit.
Help Craig Butler be the first out gay surfer on the world longboard tour
Proposed changes to Tricare include coverage for mental health services and hormone therapy fro trans service members, dependents, and retirees.
"Rewriting the script" as a genderqueer person
Colombian father investigated for biting baby son to 'stop him from becoming gay'
local news (Richmond, VA) poll on "What should be the basis for deciding which bathroom transgender students use?" is pretty depressing, please blow it up
Tips for Dating Bisexual Woman
Precious Davis Will Be 1st Trans Bride on 'Say Yes to the Dress' Friday
Watch The Incredible (And Sexy) Pole-Dancing Winner of 'Belgium's Got Talent'
Gay Moroccan Couple Arrested For Kissing Could Face Three Years In Jail
Gay male couple having some rousing bedtime conversation, (comic strip)
Why Child Homelessness Is the LGBT Problem We Should Be Talking About
Pride School Atlanta Is Looking For Students, Faculty And Donors
Axe's stunning new advert is very LGBT inclusive
Friend just came out as bi to me, kinda confused as to what to do
A Careless Anti-Semitism Shames the LGBT Community
I think I accidentally came out. I originally posted this in /r/bisexual but I didn't get much of a response so I thought I'd try here.
ATTRACTED TO TRANS MEN!!! :o (like a lot)
Questions &amp; Ideas For Gay Blog
Anyone have bad lesbian bar/meetup experiences?
College Essay: In the Bible Belt with Two Moms
I hate my life.
Frustrated and Emotional over Homophobic Mom,Brother, and family members. What do I do about them?
New friendly queer chat, come visit! We promise tea and cookies. Also rainbows and other hella gay stuff.
‘Sh*t Gay Guys Say About PrEP’ Tackles Misconceptions About Truvada – VIDEO
Indonesia minister wants LGBTI students banned from university
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Family Research Council - 'But he is gaaaaaay!'
HRC President articulates vision for future of LGBT movement
Drag Queen MAKEUP transformation
Pope Francis: same-sex marriage is not ‘the family God wants’
Tennessee Lawmakers Endorse Bid To Declare All Marriage Illegal In Order To Spite Equality
That time in 2002 when Clinton was booed for her opposition to marriage equality and she just laughed it off.
This is a looming danger for full LGBT equality
Bisexual will not give up
First LGBT member of Guatemala Congress takes office
Trans triathlete Chris Mosier may be barred from competing at World Championships
Hillary Clinton earns big endorsement from LGBT group
Fueling Homophobia in Russia
LezzConnect - 100% Free Lesbian (LGBT Women's) Social Site!! (Coming soon!)
What is “gay shame?” – Gay Times want to know your thoughts.
‘Jeopardy!’ Contestant Calls Out ‘Anti-Gay’ GOP.
MTV True Life: I Have a Trans Parent
Jeremy Clarkson claims trans children have ‘minds poisoned by lunatic parents’
Hawaii considers banning ‘gay conversion therapy’ for minors
Nervous as Hell!!
Ideas for a wedding
Wanting to come out but stumped...
Underwear choice?? (FTM)
i think im gay
Does it annoy you whenever your friends assume that since they're close to you it's okay to call you "faggot" or "queer"?
Transgeneral, a new podcast for transgender people, hosted by two trans women
The new dating app, Bro
What's Asexuality? In 45 Seconds
Students Wear 'Straight Pride' Signs to Protest Gay Straight Alliance After Parent Compares Club to ISIS - Towleroad
Wallace's daughter: Roy Moore is more dangerous than my father
Georgia's latest anti-gay bill is worse than you think
Looks like ARROW/TEEN WOLF star Colton Haynes came out in subtle fashion
Brandon Wolf Hill Interview
Poppers will officially be banned in the UK
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: Anti-gay hate group gets Kim Davis a seat at State of the Union address
A New App Is Here for Men Looking to Have Sex With Men — Even If They're Not Gay
[lgbt] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:aidatlagia
2016 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider
I’m Proud to Be a Gay ‘Slut’
Dan Savge: The Price of Admission
An open letter to the Republican House member we saw on Grindr this weekend
"I had to come out to myself first, then to my family."
#TBT: "In a bold departure with tradition, Clinton made the promotion of equality for gay people a core value of U.S. foreign policy."
Gay Marriage Debate
College Essay: The Bible Belt with Two Moms
Please help me, I'm so confused and don't know what to do.
If 'LGBT' was spelled 'LBGT' it could also stand for 'Lets Be Gay Together'
How to talk to my boss
Thoughts on "Heaven" lyrics by Troye Sivan
Should I come out to my crush or what should I do?
Help!!! Advice Please
Church of England members back same-sex marriage
Jeremy Clarkson again :L
Gay YouTube Star Calum McSwiggan Opens Up On Gay Porn Past
Student Loses Everything Over Pro-LGBT Views
This Hitler-loving, gay-hating Oregon judge is so unethical that he might be a criminal, state panel finds
Ian McKellen: 'Gay People Have Been Disregarded By The Oscars'
Pope Francis, The Advocate's Person of the Year, comes out against marriage equality in Italy: gay couples marrying is not ‘part of God’s dream’
Jeanne Córdova Dies At 67: Goodbye to the Activist and Writer Who Lead The Way We're Going
The Gay and Wondrous Life of Caleb Gallo - Episode 1 (slightly NSFW). Very funny new web series.
The Italian senate is about to decide if all couples (including LGBT) should be recognize by law, signs needed.
Cruz: Better to 'Inflict' a Transgender Student on Teachers Than Teens
Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters: An open letter to the GLAAD Media Awards
The LGBTQIAA Community in Pakistan
Alan Cumming from The Good Wife is tired of talking about his bisexuality
Chinese Gaming Billionaire Buys US Gay Dating App Grindr
I've been traveling the world for 5 years and just shared some of my favorite photos on Gay Star News
The gay bed &amp; breakfast drama intensifies!
Tens of Thousands of Italian Protesters Rally for Gay Civil Unions.
North Dakota Among 1st States to Debate Removing Gay Marriage Ban From Books
Would you top this guy?
I made a dino tribute to the community
Lonely, fat, and ugly.
Bisexuality on the rise, says new U.S. survey
Questions about theories of Gender
I'm hoping to be the first gay surfer on the world surf tour and I need your help
What makes someone a "true" lesbian?
Exclusive LGBT ladies night luxury hotel party in Chicago loop tonight!
Regretting coming out
HRC announced support for Hillary Clinton today, this is why they are wrong to do so.
I Am a Gay Basher
Why Is That So Hard For You To Date A Bisexual
Hundreds Of Same-Sex Marriage Supporters Shut Down County Commission Meeting Over Anti-Gay Proposal
How Indiana, Incredibly, Is on the Road Again to Passing Discriminatory Anti-LGBT Laws
Bisexual Lifeguard Gets Warning From Boss Over "Visible Anatomy"
Exclusive: Country's Largest Psychological Organization May Condemn HIV Criminalization
What does it mean if it feels better (and just makes more sense) to think of myself as a woman but I don't want an actual operation (and I like women)?
Stereotype That Hairdressers &amp; Flight Attendants Are Gay Is True Claims New Study
Vietnam Lifts Ban on Same Sex Marriage
"Ex-lesbian", woman who has only ever been attracted to women, feels guilty about sudden "clock" attraction to men and zero attraction to women after 29 years of being a "Strong lesbian". I am suddenly learning to be straight and don't really understand it.
Does anyone know of studies/statistics that demonstrate that coming out and receiving acceptance reduces depression, anxiety and suicide in the LGBT community?
Best place to find young gays in NYC?
Need advice on how to approach my friend about my feelings for him or even if I should.
Did Harvey Milk anticipate his assassination?
How safe is Chicago for LGBT? (Travel)
What GSMs outside of LGBT don't get a lot of recognition?
Chicago man charged with murder of boyfriend who accused him of cheating
An open letter to the Republican House member we saw on Grindr this weekend
What Is The Bidatingsitesreview?
Amandla Stenberg Comes Out As Bisexual on Snapchat
Colton Haynes Dons Drag with Emily Bett Rickards for Tyler
Law school accreditors are investigating Brigham Young University amid allegations that the Church-owned institution's policies violate nondiscrimination standards by expelling students who live in same-sex relationships or leave the Mormon faith.
Education Department to publish database of schools seeking permission to discriminate against LGBT students
Man arrested trying to board plane after being accused of deliberately infecting ex with HIV
Porn VS Reality
Such a strong lady! We need more people like her
An essay I wrote about looking back on losing my innocence:
Super: Can We Have Nice Things? The Big Gay Poe Dameron Question.
Pakistan: Transgender activist shot: 'Hospital staff laughed whilst they bled'
Gay Musician and Supporters Protest His Firing by Catholic Church
IAma Gay teen who Grew Up in Saudi Arabia . AMA : casualiama
Anti-Gay Kim Davis: "I'm Just The First Of What's Gonna Be Many"
Opportunity to participate in a research study on the experience of divorce/separation
Is it possible to be christian and bisexual?
I just don't get it-thoughts on male and female difference
ISO Triad willing to share their exp.
For anyone who identifies as Bigender Will you be willing to share your experience or perspective?
Should I Ask Him Out?
Had a semi-gay experience with my friend and Now Ifeel weird
How do you act around people you fancy?
The Perks Of Being An Older Gay Dad -
Omg this hot actor Charlie Carver came out as gay!
Meade Chat: Gay is NOT Okay!
Ikea (1994) "Dining Room" commercial with same sex couple
Study finds link between economic progress and LGBT protection
Touring art gallery exhibition "Company of Men" features works by gay porn star
