Does spanking children violate the Non-aggression Principle?
Today I got the signatures to Decertify "our" union. I'm not sure where to celebrate this
[Discussion] What would realistically be taken from US citizens in a complete economic breakdown?
Watching "Making A Murderer"
Oklahoma City cop convicted of raping women while on duty sentenced to 263 years in prison
Indiana Bill Would Allow Industrial Hemp Production Without Federal Permission | Tenth Amendment Center Blog
Lenin's Ghost: How Did Marxist Professors Create a New Wave of Political Leaders?
"If you care about the future of this country, arm yourself with knowledge..."---Ron Paul's reading list
How Pigs Behave in a Single gif
The David Bowie Death Hoax Scenario is Gaining Momentum .. in his January 8, last public appearance he looks fine, maybe there is gonna be a Lazarus style reemergence!
Stumbling and Mumbling: The left &amp; freedom
Belarus: Europe's last dictatorship
Karl Marx is the most assigned economist in U.S. college classes
You can't time the market, governments can't manage capitalism
Michigan repeals straight-ticket device
Oregon Patriots Are Standing Strong Against The Corrupted US Government
Obama administration orders police departments to give back military surplus equipment
Politician Confronted For Being In An 'Muslim No-Go Area' In Britain
Egypt arrests Facebook users on charges of organizing protests
Bikini Baristas: Coffee and Controversy in Washington State
Well, there you have it. Rand Paul appears on InfoWars to discuss his omission from the Fox Business debate.
Sanders and Wife Steered Campaign, Nonprofit Money to Family and Friends
To those who offer nothing to society
Biased BBC Asian Network Defending The Flaws Of Islam Yet Again...
This Rand Paul super PAC is making waves before the Iowa caucus
Student suspended after carrying classmate to nurse
How Cigarettes Tax the Poor
TSA agents frisk 10 year old girl after finding Capri Sun juice pouch in carry-on luggage
Jimmy Carter Tells Oprah America Is No Longer a Democracy, Now an Oligarchy
2016 Presidential Unreality Show
Authorities plan to cut off power to militia at occupied Oregon refuge
DEA So Forfeiture-Focused It Hired A TSA Screener To Check Travelers And Baggage For 'Guilty' Cash
The Oregon militia standoff, explained
This 71-Year-Old Woman Didn’t Commit a Crime. But She Fought the Government to Get Her Seized Jeep Back.
Cruz cynically reverses another libertariani0sh position: this time reducing mandatory minimums for non-violent offenders.
Scotland's First Minister's Questions - 7th January 2016
Rand Paul's Audit The Fed Vote Ends at 53-44. Senate Democrats' Filibuster Blocks Passage.
Gaddafi warned Blair his ousting would 'open door' to jihadis. "They want to control the Mediterranean and then they will attack Europe.”
Newsweek on McAfee running for LP nomination
California's Version of Pot Protectionism
Rand Paul: Here's why we should audit the Fed
Apparently, this is being used as fodder by Democrats in support of Obama's stricter gun control laws.
Oregon standoff: US citizens vs. US government | TRUTH News
Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton Should Be Indicted, Bill Also Broke The Law
Descent Into Tyranny Issue #1 (Document Share &amp; Comment)
What Sports Illustrated Models Look Like Without Photoshop
China's WeChat is Censoring GlobalNews (my official and personal news accounts)
The thought process of anti-gun advocates
What's Wrong with a Little Torture?
I hope it hurts.
Hook-nosed people are evil
Libertarian Take on Flint Water Situation
Clinton Slips Says "Pentagon Bombed" 9/11 Truth
Noam Chomsky: Bernie Sanders has the best policies - Al Jazeera English
Rand Paul insists he'll be on main debate stage
Net Neutrality
To people who say we need another FDR: We have one. His name's Trump.
Watch The Feds Crush An Imported Nissan Skyline
New Hampshire seeks to add PTSD to list of medical marijuana ills
25 Civil Liberties, Privacy Groups Form Coalition to Fight TSA's New Body Scan Guidelines
You're Paying for the Playoffs, Whether You Watch or Not
California Deputy Pulls Gun on Fast Food Employee for Taking Too Long With Order
Lawsuit Over Wisconsin Ban on Selling Homemade Cookies
Critics of expanded strip-search bill say it comes at cost of liberty
Yeah, this is just what we need. "Man banned from having sex unless he gives police 24 hours notice."
Some Facts About the Bundy-Hammond Kerfuffle
Growing number of police chiefs, sheriffs join call to arms
Taxing the Second Amendment is Unconstitutional
Donald Trump - The Economic Recovery (1991)
Ayn Rand on Fascism | Libertarianism.org
ObamaCare Leaves Middle Class Exposed To Huge Health Bills, Study Finds
Saw this on Facebook - Gov't allowed to weaponize drones specifically excludes private citizens
Traffic Camera Company Lies and Colludes With Local Governments to Violate Rights
AMA request: Gary Johnson
Ben Bernanke Praises Hitler on the Freakonomics Radio Podcast
Trump hints at deep surveillance, special IDs for Muslims
Colombia's 7 Most Absurd Taxes
Ted Cruz flip flop compilation [Pls share! It's time to take this FAKE-everything down!]
Brave libertarian attempts to school /r/Seattle. It doesn't end well.
UKIP Nigel Farage &amp; George Galloway - Question Time In Scotland (June 2013)
Obama gun control push leads HHS to change HIPAA rule for background checks
Government Transportation Failures, Doctors On Strike, &amp; Government Wants To Check Your Genitals
Presidential candidate Sanders says he would reform the Fed
Donald Trump Speaks To Supporters At Rally in Clear Lake, IA [1/9/16]
The Damages of Big Government: Brazil's Economic &amp; Financial Meltdown
The Oregon Standoff - How it Happened (Some history)
He steals everything including gifs
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott proposes nine amendments to U.S. Constitution with the intent of limiting federal power
She must to become the president !
Utah wants to declare porn a 'public health crisis' | Americas because "pornography use is linked to lessening desire in young men to marry"
PSA: /r/anarcho_capitalism now bans people for breaking the circlejerk. If you aren't an ancap, you're not welcome there.
The NYTimes is still the same Bolshevik party organ that it's always been, but look at the quote I happened to find: "If you give in to the desire to have more and more bolivars with the same number of dollars, your bolivars are going to lose value." The NYT has finally made it to Ec100.
"My problem is that I don't have a Hillary to cover for me and discredit all those women."
Rejecting Gun Control, Jeb Bush Calls for Gun Control
What would make you believe that the US republic has ended?
Gun control in the Twenties: 91 years later, little has changed.
Eugenics: The Progressive Race Policy - "malevolent and ungodly social engineering."
Noam Chomsky on Workers' Control - "Workers ought to take over their own workplaces" (x-post /r/Socialism)
Rand Paul on Trump's decision to boycott debate: 'Good riddance'
Economic Myths of the Presidential Candidates
Rand Paul makes the main stage in Iowa Republican debate
2016 presidential debates predictions?
McConnell fast-tracks Graham's ISIS war bill
Cost of Living vs. Wage Stagnation in the United States, 1979-2015
Not a joke - Telegraph claims Wikipedia is sexist because more men volunteer to create content than women. "Happy birthday sexist Wikipedia. Why do men still control our history?"
State Prosecutor Says Forfeiture Reform Is 'Legislators Funding Drug Dealers' | Techdirt
GOP Turning Against Donald Trump
Who needs criminal justice reform? Tom Cotton and company oppose loosening of mandatory minimums.
The Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity : Oregon Standoff: Isolated Event or Sign of Things to Come?
More than 100,000 Tennesseans could lose food stamps with new work requirements
Seattle neighborhoods hire private security amid ‘blatant lawlessness’
Gun Show "Loophole" Exposed
We Need Smart Foreign Policy!
The man who was caught on camera viciously attacking an Uber driver last year is now suing the man he beat up. His claim? That the video of his assault was recorded without permission.
Polish media controls an attack on independence - broadcasters
The 14 best moments from Rand Paul’s Reddit “Ask Me Anything”
The bear market in stocks has finally arrived
without the government who would crush our 21,000 motorcycle?!?!?
VIDEO: Nominate Mr Mojoptix as The Smartest Dude in the World, for Inventing and 3D Printing a Digital Sundial
MLK on Marxism
The U.S. Intervention in Libya Was Such a Smashing Success That a Sequel Is Coming
5 Government Handouts the Bundys Businesses Depend On
Oregon Protestors V Federal Governments Land Grabs
[Libertarian] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is calling out Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to back his legislation to audit the Federal Reserve ahead of a procedural vote Tuesday.
Donald Trump’s “Anti-Muslim” Proposal Explained
Greg Gutfeld on The Daily Show
Oregon Militiaman Has a Message for Black Lives Matter Protesters
UKIP: Douglas Carswell MP - UKIP's Leadership &amp; Brexit
NJ High Schooler Called To The Principal's Office "For Being Anti-Israel" On Twitter
Audit The Ted - This is the best thing ever. • /r/randpaul
Politician Says It’s OK for Men to Pinch Womens’ Nipples if they Breastfeed in Public
Surrounded by armed bodyguards and Secret Service agents, HillaryClinton declared that guns don't keep us safe.
Libertarian Response to State of the Union Delivered by Chair Nicholas Sarwark
Looking at Oregon in a different skin - Race has nothing to do with it
Police arrest 200 in child sex trafficking sting across Los Angeles County
가제트 222회 1월25일 방송 다시보기
If you missed Last Night Rand Is Live Right Now @ Hollis Town Hall
The Right To Download Arms: 3-D Printed Firearms Ignite Free Speech Battle
(How to) Find out who's a Snitch (for Dummies) / 10 Ways to Spot an Informant
Eric Peters will be doing an AMA on r/libertarianmeme tomorrow
If you guys had to choose between a corporate capitalist who doesn't care about civil liberties and a democratic socialist who does, who would you choose?
Question concerning Neoliberalism that the /r/explainlikeimfive sub flamed me for asking...
So Rand Paul's argument is that polls are inaccurate, and that polls actually show him doing well?
One of my favorite verses. Thought it appropriate for this sub.
Rand Paul currently leading Fox News poll
America Will Spend More on Taxes than Food, Clothing, and Housing Combined.
Rand Paul is Everywhere on the Internet!
Video Catches Bureau of Land Management Employees Brag About Stealing Land from WWII Vets
Leader of Oregon occupation arrested, one dead after confrontation with authorities
Maine Governor to Citizens: 'Load Up and Get Rid of the Drug Dealers'
Navy Schedules War Games in Washington State With No Public Disclosure
LEIPZIG: Smashed Windows in Kebab Shops Compared to "Kristallnacht" - The "Night of Broken Glass" Germany 1938, was proven to have been instigated by Jewish Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels, and carried out by Zionist Terrorgruppe Juden des Bügels - Hitler &amp; *all* of the top Nazis were Jews
Mexico’s New Libertarian Party Aims to Shake Up the Political Arena
Beware Oxfam’s dodgy statistics on wealth inequality
The Bundy Brigade’s Economic Delusions
Paris Agreement: Recycled “Process” Socialism
Camille Paglia: Hillary’s “blame-men-first” feminism may prove costly in 2016
12 Turkish Academics Detained for Signing Declaration
Donald Trump - The Republican Convention (1988)
Marco Rubio's Sweet Protectionism: The 2016 hopeful gives the feds cover to keep propping up Big Sugar
Single-Serving Stalinism: The Continuing Persecution of Matthew Townsend
Republicans aren’t even pretending they care about cutting spending anymore
GDTC BURNS OREGON Refuge takeover chat
Man called ‘white boy’ before brutal attack in South Memphis
Open Border Libertarians vs Closed Border Libertarians: Arguments from both sides Explained
Report on wasteful DOD federal spending highlights $41M to train 5 rebels, $49M on pro-sports ads instead of training, and $14.7M on a warehouse in Afghanistan that nobody will ever use
Three important videos about the #oregonstandoff
A Deadly Deployment, a Navy SEAL's Despair
Rand Paul announces National Town Hall only online tonight - 9pm EST - www.randpaul.com
Rand Paul Literally flips the middle finger about the debates.
UKIP: Douglas Carswell MP - The State Wasting Away Taxpayers Money
MSNBC Hillary cheerleader, Chris Mathews, asks Clinton what's the difference between a democrat and a socialist, after saying he wouldn't want to be called a socialist. She couldn't come up with an answer.
Front National: Marine Le Pen MEP - Ripping Apart Angela Merkel In Strasbourg
How Societies with Little Coercion Have Little Mental Illness (Xpost from TrueReddit)
Aha.. It turns Out That The Hammond Ranch Is Sitting On Natural Gas And Uranium that China Wants..Like The Bundys Ranch Was.....
동물농장 749회 1월17일 방송 다시보기
Loyalty vs "Liberty"
Disney Workers: Working to be Homeless
Ducey appoints independent [arguably libertarian, co-founder of Institute for Justice] to Supreme Court
Bernie Sanders On Government and Rights
CALL FOX BUSINESS
Ron Paul says Trump will be the nominee. At Trumps rally, Palin complimented Rand Paul...am I crazy or
Libertarians and Paul
Is it time to face some facts about the election?
Amendment XXVIII: Limiting electoral participation to constituants.
A former cop is trying to legislate some First Amendment-violating protection for his blue-clad brothers.
Gun Confiscation Alert: Law Enforcement Could Seize Semiautomatics Under Ga. Bill
DeLay: FBI 'Ready to Indict' Hillary
How Single-Payer Health Care Failed in Progressive Paradise: Bernie Sanders wants to bring Vermont’s model to all of America. Voters may want to look at the results first.
Donald Trump Is More Like Ike Than George W. Bush
Capitalism, not Oxfam, is defeating poverty - Telegraph
New York Paper Says Cops Love Asset Forfeiture, So You Should Too
I Found Out My Secret Internal Tinder Rating And Now I Wish I Hadn't; The dating app uses data to give every user a desirability rating. Here's how it works—and what happened when I discovered my number.
Unprecedented permanent drought has left the US almost drought-free
Imperium and the Sun: The Strange Case of Augustus Sol Invictus and the New Right
HILLARY FOR PRISON 2016: The Clinton Foundation is "organized crime at its finest," a tax free international money laundering scheme that could be the largest political criminal enterprise in US history - SUBVET45, The Bells Toll for Hillary @ Spectator.org
Since Star Wars just came out, I registered youreouronlyhope.com and made it forward it to randpaul.com
Spying on the Internet is Orders of Magnitude More Invasive Than Phone Metadata
Gun Control Is About Control, Not Safety
Markets in turmoil! OIL under $30. Bear Market will test DOW 15,700.
John McAfee: ‘Morgan Freeman Considering a Pres. Bid for Libertarian Party’
Malheur Refuge "Law enforcement officials have asked politicians to refrain from public comments on the situation out of fear it could inflame things"
Honest Campaign Ad
Breaking: Travel Ban in New York City: "Anyone on the Road will be subject to arrest"
Live Update Burns Oregon With Pete Santilli (New Feed)
Politicians Sue Mom into Silence over Newspaper Ads
Senator Paul: State Of The Union Remarks
Free State Project passes 19,000 signers, 95+% of goal; mass NH movement may be triggered by Feb
Egypt Police Question, Search Residents at Over 5,000 Homes
The Year The PC Chickens Came Home To Roost
5 non-collectivist ways to teach history
Repost from /r/gadgets: Proposed NY bill would ban sale of encrypted smartphones
An Article V Constitutional Convention? Wrong Idea, Wrong Time
Comedian Goes Undercover to Test Out the ‘Gun Show Loophole’
Walmart decides not to build stores in poor areas of DC due to proposed minimum wage increase and other employment costs
Irony: Bernie Sanders' Website Ran Out of Free Stickers
FBI Helps Shut Down Sex-Work Review Board
Tom Woods Show - Why Some Libertarians Reject the NAP?
Why should an educational institution need to know our sexual history?
Remember this? "Ted Cruz Joins the Establishment"
Thinking About Inequality And Justice - Coordination Problem
Police and military invading peoples homes and confiscating their weapons during Katrina
VIDEO: Free State Project accomplishments in 2015. Now at 93% of signer goal; move will be triggered soon
New Email shows that Clinton instructed aide to remove classification marking from information, a federal offense
Hillary Clinton Adultery Shocker
This is why no one takes us seriously. This guy is listed on the Libertarian Party website as a candidate.
Reality Check: Cruz Flip Flopping Positions on Snowden to Please Rubio?
Why millennials are embracing socialism [CNBC Commentary]
Saudis arrest activist who got ‘courage’ award from Clinton
PENTAGON: Iran treats prisoners better than the US
Independents Rule but GOP, Dem, &amp;amp; Media Establishment Says Everything Is Fine
How you are exploited through guilt and shaming [Highly recommended]
Rep. Greg Walden on the situation in eastern Oregon.
Nations, States, and Foreign Policy Fantasies
Voting for Sanders is our best chance at making Wall Street and the Fed accountable. #FeeltheBern
While I agree Bernie is an honest politician, and like him. I'll explain his biggest flaw and what he can do to change it with Rand (another honest Politician).
Voters are afraid to vote libertarian because their vote will lose to the "lesser of two evils." Republicans are mad because Trump is at 40% while the other (usual) politicians are splitting the rest of the vote and therefore can't beat him. Pretty ironic, huh?
NBC’s Chuck Todd: Trump, Cruz Have ‘Tried to Co-Opt’ Parts of Ron Paul’s Message
UK film censors forced to watch a 2-day long movie of paint drying
Former Mozilla CEO Chased Off by SJWs Announces New Internet Browser 'Brave'
A Politician's Investment Portfolio Might Tip Off Corruption Potential
Bernie Sanders' socialized health care plan is a utopian joke
Oklahoma Is the Latest State to Consider Curbing Police Power
Listening to Chris Christie talk about reporting your neighbors if you suspect anything
Rand Paul not on main debate stage.
Rand Paul skewers Democrats during aggressive debate live tweetstorm
Your Assets Are Mine: A summary of the year in asset forfeiture
Voting on Whether to Vote
Study: Cannabis Use Not Predictive Of Lower IQ, Poorer Educational Performance
Did Iran’s videos of U.S. Navy captives violate Geneva Convention? - U.S. concerned that American sailors were mistreated or used for propaganda
Billions locked in poverty by public sector corruption, report shows
Chelsea Manning says she's facing 'indefinite solitary confinement'
Libertarian Rabbit Economist Calls Collapse
Landmark California gun seizure law takes effect 1 January but amid concerns
Inspector General: Clinton emails had intel from most secretive, classified programs
One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Socialism...wait for it
Alabama Chief Justice tries to ban Same-Sex Marriage in his state
Here Comes The Recession And Bear Market
Rand Paul to Support Donald Trump As Republican Nominee
I Don't Write Articles.
So.. what's wrong with a little Torture?
You may be powerless to stop a drone from hovering over your own yard
Uber versus the Buenos Aires Cartel Is Battle of David and Goliath
Truth, Justice and the American way
Thoughts on the other Clinton?
Are there any past Democratic candidates you would've supported?
What are libertarians' responses to the 'Elevator Problem'?
Britain First carries out Christian Patrol in Islamist hotspot
Reddit Mods Censor Story of Refugee Centre Worker Killed
If I select libertarian can I vote in the gop primary?
Reality Check: How Obama Has Actually Issued More Executive Action Than Any President in Modern History
Emanuel ducks questions about teen shot 16 times by Chicago police
Is Stefan molyneux right on this?
How an obsessive recluse blew the lid off the secret technology authorities use to spy on people's cellphones
Centrist think tank: Sanders would help rich, not poor
Police killings of Blacks in 2015 by threat level
How the US Blew Millions of Dollars Airlifting Cashmere Goats to Afghanistan
The Crisis in Flint Goes Deeper Than the Water - The New Yorker
Washington Medical Marijuana Provider Facing 35 Years To Life
مداخلة د عمر القويري على قناة العربية 7-1-2015
Rand Paul calls Donald Trump 'Gollum'
Rand Paul poised to make the cut for main debate stage
Democrats are Authoritarian so Republican answer to their Ying is more?
U.S. Marshals Raid Hoverboard Booth at CES
Privacy Violations Rising At Veterans Affairs Medical Facilities. The privacy incident reports also reveal more systemic issues across the VA: Employees repeatedly accessed the medical records of patients not under their care, from co-workers to suicidal vets to whistleblowers
1001 Reasons Why Global Warming Is So Totally Over In 2016
Rubin knows his Libertarianism!
New Rand Paul Ad mentions Ron Paul / Ron Paul Media Censorship
Socialist Party Of America 1928 Platform (and everyone is blaming our problems on capitalism....)
You Can't Be Neutral in a Public-Sector Union
Trial of AB and CD part of creeping move towards secret justice
Watch President Obama announce gun control initiatives at White House
Oslo, Norway: 100% of rapes committed by 'non european immigrants' (muslims)
"In fact, Africa has had difficulty industrializing because its leaders drank the Kool-Aid of free markets and free trade proffered by the World Bank, the IMF, and the best university economics departments over the last 30 years."
Hiking minimum wage won't stop poverty: Fed paper
Why the CIA created ISIS
God i hate my city!
Beijing arrests #1 Human Rights lawyer Wang Yu ; an absolutely remarkable woman who spent 2 years in prison!
Fox News Is Literally Retarded
Arm Yourselves For The Revolution with Jordan Page
무림학교 1회 1월11일 방송 다시보기
updated Proof Positive: George W Bush and Co ordered the RAPE of innocent Iraqi (detainees) CHILDREN
Spanking the Reagan
Thank Goodness for Price Gougers
What Happens When Inmates in Solitary Confinement Blow the Whistle on Their Abuse?
WARNING: I do not call 911 for anything
What would the libertarians say about the statement that 62 people are richer than half of the people on earth combined?
Does anyone remember the caucus fraud from 2012?
Why aren't we flooding /r/politics with Rand Paul and Gary Johnson posts?
Chicago Vs. Austrian Economics Schools
What's a "Left-Libertarian" ?
Google 'Fox News Debate' right now and vote for Rand Paul! They are continuously referring to these online polls during the debate.
Oregon Governor Calls On Feds To End Militia Occupation Standoff
Why is privatisation so controversial? Sinclair Davidson
Student says 'ISIS' instead of "United States of America" in Pledge of Allegiance, gets pulled from high school and is currently under federal investigation
Pitfalls of Germany's 'preventive detention'
Environmentalists link whale beachings to offshore windfarm sonar
Wrapped in a web of magic
A former Department of Veterans Affairs hospital director was paid $86,000 to resign after he had retaliated against a whistle-blowing subordinate who reported him for doing little work
My Right to Die: Assisted Suicide, My Family, and Me | Mother Jones
Declassified Emails Reveal NATO Killed Gaddafi to Stop Libyan Creation of Gold-Backed Currency
Why anarchists need better propaganda
Reality Check: Obama Administration 'All Talk' When It Comes To Enforcing Gun Laws?
Gun Control is a Feeling - Cody Wilson's op-ed rejected by NYT
Reduced accountability and punishment of whistleblowers could mean that 2016 will be a very easy year for government workers
Rand Paul on Daily Show: Gov't Shouldn't Tell You What To "Smoke, Drink, and Eat"
9 of the top 10 submissions on /r/politics is about Bernie Sanders. Does anyone actually believe that subreddit is non-partisan?
Meanwhile in Communist Californistan
Ex-Agent: Secret Service too cozy with Clinton, press interference 'dangerous'
Texas Judge resigns after being caught texting instructions to prosecutors to help win convictions
[Live 24/7 Feed] Constitutional Crisis In Burns Oregon - Malheur Nationa...
The Minimum Wage Hurt the Young and Low-Skilled almost as Much as the Recession | Preston Cooper
OH PUKIE WOO, ABC.Au Beats the Anne Frank Drum - There was no Anne Frank else the Zionists who took out the rest of the non Z Jews would have gassed her too - Hitler and the top Nazis were Jews, Jews perped the Holocaust in the name of the German ppl like they infiltrated US politics then perped 911
DHS Secretary Johnson Announces 2-Year Delay of REAL ID Enforcement at Airports
Yanis Varoufakis Interviewed on Europe, UKIP and Post-Capitalism
Obama Oversteps His Authority With Gun Orders
Trump proposes massive one-time tax on the rich to pay off national debt
Donald Trump In His Younger Days
Rare shows the timeline of Rand warning the U.S. against Syria intervention.
"Iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on Tuesday with state television showing Emad precision-guided missiles in store which the United States says can take a nuclear warhead &amp; violate a 2010 U.N. Security Council resolution."
Ben Carson announces his flat tax plan. 14.9 percent rate for all - no deductions, tax shelters or loopholes.
The Legacy of Murray Rothbard
Amherst Student Was Expelled for Rape. But He Was Raped, Evidence Shows.
Is the US federal gov. the largest and more powerful bureaucracy to have ever existed?
Police Use Social Media for Entrapment: Ongoing Facebook/Craigslist Sting
Contradiction in Libertarian stance on welfare
MRW I'm asked if I would vote for Donald Trump.
Rand Paul IS a libertarian [PROOF]
Rand Paul live stream
Your tax dollars (4 billion) may go to self driving cars
Thoughts on Libertarianism
Free Market theory and Aggression
Congress Just ended the ban On Medical Marijuana
Happy Birthday, Lysander Spooner
10 reasons that show global warming is not man-made. Physics Prof explains his switch to skepticism.
Supreme Court: Juveniles sentenced to life have option for new reviews
Mary Anne Grady Flores will serve six months for photographing a protest of an airfield in upstate New York
Shocker: Most Dangerous Cities In America Are All Run by Democrats
Free To Play: Game Genres and the Theory of Spontaneous Order
Flagstaff AZ Sustainability Commission Votes 4-3 To Support Carbon Tax
This is your Department Of Homeland Security ladies and gentlemen
Amnesty International Reports Torture of Detainees in Tunisia
After an exhaustive search for a good VPN service for taking back my OWN privacy, I present to you my unbiased, independently verifiable research to help you take back YOURS
Why private insurance contracts may be the key to police reform
This Vermont bill would let police look through your cell phone without a warrant
Vote Leave: Carl Chambers - Business for Britain Launch In Yorkshire
Politically Correct HOSTILE Journalist Gets SHAMED By PVV Geert Wilders MP
Economist David Stockman loses his mind, abandons 2nd Amendment. "The so-called right to bear arms is truly a vestigial relic of the 18th century and has precious little to do with personal liberty or public security in the 21st century."
Gary Johnson's 2016 campaign website is up!
Douglas Murray - How Will The Migrant Crisis Debate Change?
Maajid Nawaz On CNN - Role Of Islam In The Paris Attacks
Pentagon Unable to Explain How $800 Million Program in Afghanistan Failed
New documents shed light on secret DoJ rules for targeting journalists with National Security Letters
The Mossad Caucus Exposed: Israel’s fifth column in Congress caught with pants down
Chiến lược marketing online
I've been reading Aesop's Fables...
Debbie Wasserman Schultz: I’m Trying to Manipulate the Debates for Democracy
Why Is the Government Spending $310 Billion on ‘Unauthorized’ Programs?
Libertarian Party Takes a Dive
Four Brooklyn men claim they were kicked off flight for looking too Muslim in lawsuit
Sens. Ted Cruz and Jeff Sessions said Monday the number of people implicated in radical Islamic terrorist plots in the U.S. has jumped to 113, and they said it’s yet another reason to impose tighter immigration controls.
The Bizarre Need to Take Sides and Our Foreign Policy Debates
Why Libertarians Should Embrace Feminism
Russia Today White-Knights For Intolerant 'Moderate' Muslims
Obama's Gun Control: Fact and Fiction
Mizzou Bans Hoverboards
Milo Yiannopoulos interviews prominent hackers about the social justice incursion into open-source software
Washington Has Too Much Cannabis and Prices May Plummet - Culture Magazine
U.S. Dept. of Justice Files Suit Against VW for Diesel-Emissions Cheats
Arguments Against Bernie
What is this sub's thoughts on Citizens United? Because of Bernie, it's become a big issue to try to repeal it for the dems. Curious what you guys &amp; gals think about it. Thanks
생활의 달인 1월 18일 방송 다시보기
Ted Cruz Didn’t Disclose Loan From Goldman Sachs for His...
How the CIA over threw the United States of America
FBI hacked the Dark Web to bust 1,500 pedophiles
The Obama Birther Movement - A Tale of Two Media Outlets
Out of the top two candidates in the Republican and Democratic parties, which are the most compatible to the libertarian ideal?
I was researching gun control for a school paper and found this gem on Debate.org
(Probably dumb) questions about abortion
Libertarian podcasts and videos?
r/randpaul is currently trending!
Could this be a legitimate sabotage response to a single-payer or government provided healthcare system
Bradley Cooper, Jessica Alba and Jon Hamm Among 100 Celebrities Praising President Obama for New Gun-Control Measures
R/videos now has a political video sub
Medical expert discusses face-reading with Tyra Banks
Obama wants to force businesses to report the salaries of individual workers to the government
Reddit in 2016 - We receive many requests from law enforcement and governments. • /r/announcements
Charity Recipients Back the Little Sisters Nuns in Obamacare Showdown
Bernie Sanders - Minimum Wage Hypocrite
Redditor explains how FDA keeps drug prices artificially high (xpost TIL)
Low energy prices? Thank fracking.
Five years after Egypt uprising, police -- not activists -- celebrated
How could funding this now reduce future funding or result in a push in the private sector?
Bernie Sanders: Fascist for Mediocrity | Louder With Crowder
Live video #Massacremalheur starts in 55 minutes
AT&amp;T Helped U.S. Spy on Internet on a Vast Scale - The New York Times
The Good Old Days of Poverty and Filth | Foundation for Economic Education
I live in a 'terrorist house': police speak to Muslim boy, 10, over spelling error - Teachers report primary school student to authorities after he mistakenly writes about ‘terrorist house’ instead of ‘terraced house’ in class
xpost /r/socialistmeme. Somewhat appropriate
How government poisoned the people of Flint
Tim Cook's Message to the White House: Get Behind Real Encryption With No 'Backdoors'
Clinton: Obama would be a great Supreme Court justice
If Bernie Weren’t a Phony on War
Just wait — everything will work out for the better - Matt Ridley review
Marco Rubio Talks About His Vision for America on Meet the Press | Marco Rubio for President
UKIP: Douglas Carswell MP Interviewed On Hardtalk
Was LaVoy Finicum Shot w/Hands in the Air? Eye Witness Audio Testimony H...
T-Mobile Store Employee Shoots 2 Armed Robbery Suspects
China Hospital Bulldozed With Patients Inside, Morgue Buried
Refusal to be Governed &amp; The End of Traditional Wars - Adam Kokesh
Testing their patients: Blame the British public for the junior doctors’ strike
Is Donald Trump a Democrat "Operative?"
The Ultimate Blowback from U.S. Foreign Policy? Donald Trump. How the CIA, bad trade deals, and wanton military intervention caused the social crises that gave us the Donald. (Really.)
Why is Ramsey Orta, Man Who Filmed Police Killing of Eric Garner, the Only One Criminally Charged?
How I Almost Became a Political Refugee (from what was once one of the most respected democracies on Earth)
Muhammad cartoons censored at Charlie Hebdo exhibit in Tel Aviv
Room №1. Let there be war
Congress Snuck a Massive Surveillance Expansion Into the Omnibus Budget
BREAKING NEWZ- Video: Denver deputies fatally restrain Michael Marshall
Truth, Justice and the American way
FBI warned Guantanamo about (enhanced) interrogations
Gleen Greenwald Bitch slaps Progressive Hardliner: "It's stunning how quickly progressives turn into Police State &amp; Natl Security State cheerleaders when there's political gain"
(Enhanced Interrogation) Forced to confess to Rape and Murder, Freed 22 years later- Innocence Project
A Smartphone-Connected Spectrometer for Spotting Fake Pills | MIT Technology Review
Libertarians are FINALLY standing up to government tyranny in Oregon. Why don't you join them?
Reality Check: Ted Cruz Doesn't Vote To Audit Fed, Took Personal Loan for Campaign from Goldman-Sachs
Were Gitmo Murders Covered Up As Suicides? - Interview with Joseph Hickman
Free State Project reaches 94.3% of goal
Unions Cannibalize Their Young
Amash introduces measure to repeal anti-privacy cyber bill
Protesters shout "We want Rand" during debate.
Real Goals to Empower the Developing World | Competitive Enterprise Institute
Feel the Bern (New comic I am working on, would appreciate your feedback!)
She knew that the Libyan rebels her State Department backed were systematically committing genocide against black Africans in Libya and she did nothing about it!
Rand Paul's plan: Ditch debate, get more media (Paul's interviews have reached a larger audience than the typical non-prime time debate)
Paul: I look beyond party more than any other candidate
The rape allegation against Bill Clinton, explained
Super Bowl 50 Flight Security To Include Fighter Jets, Helicopters
'Moderate' Muslims Thinks The British Army Are Similar To ISIS
Like so many other taxpayer-financed sports events, the NFL Pro Bowl is a bad deal for the public.
'Carpet Bomber' Cruz: Libertarian or Neocon?
The Big Money Fighting Legal Pot - Follow the Money #7
Militant Says Foster Children Were Pulled From His Home. “That was my main source of income,” Finicum said.
'93 drug conviction blocks McKeesport man from city council despite election
Obama finally found something he doesn’t want taxed: Tampons
Donald Trump Speaks To His Supporters At A Rally In Lowell, MA [1-4-16]
Daniel Hannan MEP - Britain Is Too Good To Be In The European Union
Indiana bill targets bathroom use by transgender people
"After praising the actions of whistleblower Edward Snowden, Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz abruptly reverse course on Thursday, calling the NSA leaker a “traitor” who should be “tried for treason.”
An Experiment in Libertarian Foreign Policy
Rhode Island: Children Under 10 Shall Not Be Left Home Alone, Even Briefly
Obama administration sexually assaults 10-year-old girl, and says anyone who objects is a “domestic extremist”
After Clinton Email Leak Exposes Her War Crimes, Frmr US Attorney Predicts Indictment in 60 Days
Sanders Says He's Not a Career Politician After 25 Years in Congress
British product placement regulations - scary, but interestingly, written and enforced by a private organization
Saudi Arabia Plunges Wall St. and world markets into Apocalypse Now
장사의 신 객주 2015 31회 1월14일 방송 다시보기
Obama Denied the Death Star, But He Still Spends Billions on Star Wars
Police arrest prostitute after her online ad tells police to save gas money for doughnuts
'Sister Wives' Defend Big Win for Polygamy
The Great Game (The politics behind Radical Islam)
Getting robbed while getting robbed
달콤살벌 패밀리 13회 1월6일 방송 다시보기
Twitter will tackle homophobic accounts under new hate speech rules. "The updated language emphasizes that Twitter will not tolerate behavior intended to harass, intimidate, or use fear to silence another user’s voice"
What action plan would we come up with to fix police departments ? Specifically what political positions would be required to be held and what would/could you do once libertarians held them?
My Angry Yellow Man rant against white guilt and the standard black/white narrative
This post got me banned from Reddit Politics
Rand Paul to be on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert this week?
Crony Capitalism: Big Three Telecom in Canada
Want to Change People's Opinion on Prostitution.
Is Reddit really the liberal playground that it seems?
Sick of Government Spying, Americans Launch #TakeCTRL Campaign
Rand Paul tied for 5th in Iowa polls. He should make it to the main stage
China to Expel Peter Dahlin, Swedish Human Rights Advocate
Did We Spare The FDA And Wrongfully Condemn “Hedge Fund Bro” Martin Shkreli?
Rand Paul on GOP Debate exclusion: "It's really a mistake. The Republican Party needs a voice like mine -- I'm the one anti-war voice, I'm the one voice that says we shouldn't be collecting all the phone records, I'm the one voice advocating for criminal justice reform."
Snowden’s example for fighting the government: Be smart enough to get away with it
The United States' International Involvement in Narcotics: Afghanistan
10 U.S. sailors in Iranian custody
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee! OK!
New docs confirm CIA had rendition flight lurking in Europe to catch Snowden
Safe Spaces Can’t Be Diverse | Foundation for Economic Education
Graft-Bribery 2016!
Libertarian - Adult S*x Dаting Bаse ONLINE! Free ассess аvаilаble 3 hоurs. Hurry up!
Our threat scores are now being calculated by the police
Gary Johnson is officially running for POTUS 2016
Birth Control Without Seeing a Doctor in Oregon - Moving towards a less restrictive health care
'Moderate' Muslim Comparing The Islamic State To The British Army
Well, at least they're being honest now [OC]
Bernie Sanders’s $15 an Hour, Flawed
PERMIAN CATASTROPHE UPDATE: On Mars Solar events caused a dramatic fall in air pressure, which vaporized its atmosphere and caused its seas to boil away - On Earth despite all land creatures perished, water pressure prevented the deep sea and lake levels from boiling thus deep water species survived
