TIFU by copying stuff to a USB
The belated year of the Linux Desktop..
Is there a fix for the 3 month old bug with Catalyst and Kernel 4.2?
Who pays for technical tutorials?
Website development software for Linux?
Noob question: Encryption during installation
RHEL 7 includes selectable kernel performance profiles
How To Install Remix OS On USB/HDD/SSD Using PC Or MaC
Generating Linux audit reports
@fsf60years, a mock GNU social account for a dystopian future in which Stallman was right, but we did nothing to stop it
Controversy at the Linux Foundation
Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software
cd pwd and history commands
App Review of GCompris: Kids' Happiness
menina dançando funk 2
[linux-days.com] KaOS 2016.01 Preview (1080p)
Install pidgin 2.10.12 IM Chat Client in Linux
How I Stumbled Upon The Internet’s Biggest Blind Spot - Open Source Infrastructure.
Walmart Open Sources OneOps Cloud Application Management Platform
sytemd: a magnificent effect for all the wrong reasons
List of Bash/Vim/Sed/Awk/Python/C/Linux Guides/Tutorials and scripts to help you while programming on Linux
Use Skill command to terminate user process
Let's Encrypt hits 250k certificates good month after going public
How Linux won without winning
openage: A free (as in GPLv3) clone of the Age of Empires II engine.
Loading items before main menu
Recap of week 03, 2016, covering open source and sysadmin related news, articles, guides, talks, discussions and fun stuff.
What's your favorite linux thing/software?
Vagrant in 5 minutes
Need some help with network card
Mycroft AI for Linux Desktops Is the Most Exciting Technology of 2016
Now I get why i3 is awesome.
We're Hiring! ChroimiumRPI
I have been thinking about doing some free general PC + Linux courses for any kind of people in my village, is it wise?
Does anyone have a list of linux distributions that support full disk encryption upon installation like ubuntu and linux mint?
Does util-linux have a manual?
High-DPI Support in Qt 5.6
Hey, I'm Chloe and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Dutch consumer group sues Samsung over Android updates
Why I will be using RISC-V in my next chip
Install PlayOnLinux 4.2.10 in Linux
Linux through a journalist's eyes
Microsoft Releases An Open-Source Deep Learning Toolkit
A64-OLinuXino OSHW Linux computer is close to complete routing – GitHub update of KiCAD files
Serving 6.8 million requests per second at 9 Gbps from a single VM on Linux and Windows
Now Nintendo 3DS XL can Run Windows 95
Android app that lets you use your phone as a Linux pendrive
Linux and Unix SysAdmins New Year’s Resolutions (2016)
Google Chrome May Soon Support The LLVMpipe Driver
Slackcat - Pipe command output and upload files to Slack from your terminal!
Right when I wanted to try Antergos for the first time :(
Linux Learners Guide - Book Written by Ankam Ravi Kumar
RPM Command: Examples to Install, Uninstall, Upgrade, Query RPM Packages
PostgreSQL 9.5 Released
Installing Debian Jessie on a Netgear ReadyNAS 104
One really big change in the Life of the Linux Counter Administrator - becoming a woman
Mozilla Is Shutting Down Persona.org Authentication System
Chromebooks that are able to boot Linux?
Apparently storing passwords is a (seeming?) disaster
[Honest Opinions] Why Linux will never succeed as a mainstream desktop OS.
1, 2, 3, 4, I declare an MTA war!
Samsung Gear S2 Smartwatch and Linux
Ubuntu Scope Showdown 2016: Make Scopes, Win Prizes
cron.weekly issue #12: Zabbix, GitLab, Tcpdive, Pact, Grafana, XKCD &amp; more
Complex but sane command line editing in Zsh
Cub Linux, the new Chromixium
Google admits to how much it paid the brief owner of its domain name
Best Linux distributions for low quality pc
Does Gnome have any plans to support vulkan ?
Penguin Awareness Day
Linux: The biggest misconceptions removed AskMeNoob
git outta here, GitHub
Top 25 Linux Interview Questions
OpenStack: a .deb guy on (the) board
How I hacked my own Unix bootup and how easy it is
Student-run help desk introduces teens to Linux
Dual Boot Windows 8.1 With Bodhi Linux
[talk] libusb: Maintainer fail
DistroWatch reviews Kwort 4.3
How do I make a Bootable USB (with Linux/Ubuntu) and i can still use it to transfer files?
LastPass adds password recovery feature
Figured out the answer to the editor wars
if [[ ! -r $1 || ! -r $2 ]] What does this mean? BASH
32bit UEFI supported Linux Distro
Should something like RancherOS be used over a traditional distro when running a Docker host?
Qody: run thousands of apps directly from internet
Best universal filesystem?
[HELP REQUEST] What's the best linux distribution for a 2009 MacBook? (Hardware specs included in description)
Linux for netbook?
Searching a GNU+Linux compatible Laptop with a good battery life
Is there a way to improve the amd catalyst drivers?
TwtichLivestreamer using Qt
W: Failed to fetch http://ftp.us.org/debian/dists/jessie/Release.gpg Something wicked happened resolving 'ftp.us.org:http' (-5 - No address associated with hostname)
Looking for a Linux friendly IP camera that is NOT Foscam
So who's going to FOSDEM this weekend?
MPV 0.15.0 Video Player released with fixes
How to Install/Activate Services in Webmin Control Panel in Linux
GNOME Settings To Get a Major Design Overhaul
Confessions of a Recovering NetBSD Zealot
UBUNTU 16.04 'Xenial Xerus' First Impressions !
Google Confirms Security Issue in the Mainline Linux Kernel is Not a Major Threat for Android
Goodbye Gnome and Ubuntu, Deepin 2015 is based on Debian and has its own DE
10 Places To Buy A Laptop With Linux Preloaded
Jide: RemixOS is Now GPL and Apache Compliant
COM version of BeagleBone Black to launch in April
Tails 1.8 Just Released: New Version Of Edward Snowden’s Favorite Linux OS
Arch Linux Gets Its First ISO Image for 2016, Finally Moves to Linux Kernel 4.3
Best Linux Distros For 2016
Jailbreak! Sony PS4 “can now run Linux”
PCSX2 1.4.0 released! - Year end report
Works on my machine
GNOME Settings Area Receives a Windows 10 Style Layout
He always does this when the servers go down
Meet Chirimen, a Firefox OS-Powered IoT Single-Board Computer Developed by Mozilla
Remix OS EULA Asks to Waive Rights to All User Content and it comes with a pretty nasty EULA that should definitely be read by its users.
Coreboot Ported To The Librem 13 Laptop, Without Purism
Why did Google choose Java as default application programming language for Android
How to Secure Apache with Let's Encrypt on CentOS 7
Sing to me the praises of ZFS. Why is it better than what I may be using now?
What exactly is Bastille linux? Would it be applicable to my situation?
Accessing deceased husband's encrypted laptop
Fosdem2016 live stream audio issues
Just installed an ubuntu server... patched and install sshd manually.... but the systemd service is gone halp
I want to save a very long Facebook conversation to text. Does someone have a script or something for this?
Who still uses a 32-bit operating system (OS) and why?
My answer to the editor wars
Genuinely curious, why doesn't Linux have a standardized installation wizard like window's .exe?
Google Open Sources Its Seesaw Load Balancer | Linux based
Great community efforts getting Sailfish OS on several Android devices (unofficial porting)
Does Fedora Linux need to be more stable?
FOSDEM... who's coming?
AT&amp;T pursues open source with Canonical's Ubuntu
raisedbynarcissists Аttеtion! It's nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! This is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt!
The Popular Android-based Remix OS Violate GPL and Apache License
Raspberry Pi Touch display case Kickstarter -Create an all in one machine with the Pi and display.
Linux Mint 17.3 “Rosa” KDE released!
Ittiam has announced an OpenCL-based VP9 encoder for high performance, power efficient HD video encoding
SSH tunnelling for fun and profit: Tunnel options
Car Makers Rev Up Automotive Grade Linux at CES
What are some new or recently restarted open source projects that you're excited about?
A Unikernel Firewall for QubesOS
Copyright Industry Rhetoric Ignores The Existence Of GNU/Linux And Wikipedia
Linux device drivers
Recap of week 02 of 2016, covering open source and sysadmin related news, articles, guides, talks, discussions and fun stuff
Swift Programming Books PDF's (Feel free to add more)
BlackArch Linux Provides over 1,330 Penetration Testing Tools, New ISOs Out Now
Recommend me a Distro
Why don't everyone ditch Skype and use FOSS XMPP chat clients which are free, libre and inter-operable?
Operating System Process Control Blocks
I had some questions that didn't really feel right for /r/linuxquestions or /r/linux4noobs, so I created /r/gnulinux_eli5 for questions not focused on tech support
How to create launchers for x-forwarded programs?
Modal input for touchscreen, what do you guys think?
Can Linux run on 3D CPUs yet?
Good Emulators for ubuntu?
password less SSH connection to Clustered Data ONTAP using Key
A discussion of the new Vulkan graphics API and its impact on Open-source software.
Google denies Linux flaw is a serious Android security issue
Key Charities That Advance Software Freedom Are Worthy of Your Urgent Support
Free linux course from basic to advance
AppImage - Linux apps that run anywhere
High-severity bug in OpenSSL allows attackers to decrypt HTTPS traffic
Install Git 2.7.0 (Version Control Tool) in Linux
Flexible, secure SSH with DNSSEC
Intel's Clear Linux Distribution Offers Fast Out-Of-The-Box Performance
The ultimate Linux/Gnu multi-reddit
OpenShot 2.0 Beta Free Video Editor Is Available for Download After Years of Development
Non-Linux FOSS: Open-Source Windows?
Debian Gets A New Packaging Tool
GIMP and GEGL in 2015
I want linux in my pocket.
Will be forced to use OSX at work. Any Advice?
CoreOS Overview, Part One
How to Setup own Instant Messaging Server using Openfire 4.0.0 in linux
A Shell Script to Monitor Network, Disk Usage, Uptime, Load Average and RAM Usage in Linux
The Latest Reason Fedora Users Have Been Questioning Firefox As The Default Browser(Software packaged in Fedora should not be allowed to implement DRM schemes that cannot be disabled)
Ocean is a Smartphone-Sized Powerful Linux Server thats Runs on Battery
Video Tutorial on the Operating System Device Manager
Linux Kernel Return Oriented Programming - Part 1
Tinkering with systemd’s predictable network names
ls command with 25 examples Linux
Unikernel Systems Joins Docker
Porting an ASP.NET application to Unix using Mono - Issues, reasons and solutions
Why Linux is still better than Windows 10
Analysis and Exploitation of a Linux Kernel Vulnerability (CVE-2016-0728)
Remix OS 2.0 Officially released - An Android based OS for X86
The former CEO of Mozilla is launching a web browser that blocks all ads by default
How to fetch cpu utilization of a particular process in linux?
Top 10 Information Security Jobs!
Learn Linux, 101: Manage disk quotas
Latest Chrome Dev build makes use of Xinput 2.1 for stepless scrolling on touchpads.
SpiderOak announced Semaphor a new workplace collaboration tool for teams and businesses that care about privacy
Atari Vault, a 100 classic game collection heading to SteamOS &amp; Linux
How to ignore the "Permissions for the private key are too open" error when connecting with SSH, if I want the private key to be accessible for everyone (the system is for educational purposes and is not supposed to be secure)?
PSA, ASUS GL752VW Republic of Gamers Laptop CANNOT Boot Linux; Manufacturer Restriction
Trying to install Kali
[x-post from /r/fedora] Fedora GNOME or XFCE for Intel core i3 based laptop with 4 gigs of RAM?
First time installing an OS (and on a computer without an os), which version would you recommend (and one other question)?
Linux Ultra Books: Dell XPS 13 (not developer edition) vs ASUS Zenbook
New to Linux and some questions . . .
How is Gimp so terrible?
Question: Are Samsung SSDs still susceptible to the TRIM bug in Linux? I thought newer kernels resolved this issue, right?
Libreboot Now Supports Another AMD Motherboard • /r/libreboot
Response to Apple's announcement
Valve just released an SDK for native apps on the Steam Link. Pretty low level stuff
Are there more books that teaches about C in Linux other than this one ?
Improving Audio on Ubuntu Wily Werewolf
Using Named Pipes (FIFOs) with Bash
How do I test my new firewall rule?
Linux Foundation Moves Dronecode Project Forward
Next generation configuration mgmt
Dual Boot Windows 10 with Bodhi Linux
Old Mandrake Linux commercial from 1999
Fail0verflow publish their WIP fork of linux for the PS4
Live satellite weather images for your Linux background. With LiveWB, which is a bash application, you can watch every 15 minutes a new image showing clouds and rain in your area. It uses EUMETSAT satellite which covers a hemisphere viewable from 0° longitude.
Looks like Rocket League is gearing up for a Linux &amp; SteamOS release now
When will /Wayland/Mir be ready?
Ubuntu Software Center Just Got a Massive Update on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
Quick survey for software developers in startups and small businesses
Distro recommendation for Live USB
does there exist a live CD which is good for evaluating window managers?
I am planning to promote Linux and FOSS software at my university. I need your advice.
Unused / free space reports conflicting
ELI5: What is wrong with X and why do we want Wayland?
New home server: BTRFS or ZFS-on-linux ?
Ubuntu not letting me fully resize partition
A beginner's guide to IRC - learn how to get started
Company Releases 1st 'FICO' like Score for Enterprise Cyber Risk [NetworkWorld]
How to Enable Packman Repository to openSUSE
RedHat Logo Is A T-Rex Punching Triceratops
The Best Of SCaLE 14x - People Who Make Linux And Open Source: Mark Shuttleworth, Matthew Garret, Sarah Sharp And Many Others
We'll Probably Never Free Mickey, But That's Beside the Point
Zypper commands to manage packages on openSUSE &amp; suse Systems
GPG: a Fedora primer
Comprehensive guide on setting up a OpenVPN server on Linux
Serious Linux Kernel Vulnerability Patched [CVE-2016-0728]
Firejail Target Practice: CVE-2016-0728
What Next; Things To Do Fedora 22, 23 And Rawhide
The F2FS file-system pull request is quite exciting while the XFS churn for the Linux 4.5 merge window isn't as meaty.
Hacking the patent system: Open source and patents
New Ubuntu Convergence Device Will Be Demoed Next Month
Facebook is closing Parse
Do you upgrade every other release of Fedora? Make sure you do it right.
HP launches $199 Chromebook 11 G4 for Education
Owner of a Toshiba 2 Chromebook here. I want to play games on it via Steam, via Linux. How do I do this?
Customized iso for Ubuntu 14.04 with KVM packages
Running Ghost blogging platform via Docker
What's best for virtualization.
Is it better to run a live version with persistence or a full install inside an sd card?
Which Linux distro do you use?
distro that does not use L2 cache
hello! i have a problem to choose what linux to put in my laptop
Better way to make/manage/run virtual servers?
Why is the Linux community ambivalent about binary compatibility?
Remote login as www-data user
Package groups: Why is "alsa-utils" in base??!!!
Linux magazines - Which one do you like?
How Can A Linux System Administartor Work Smartly!! — Medium
Change vsftpd FTP Server Default Port
First couple of FOSDEM videos online
Signs of possible Linux support for "Rise of the Tomb Raider"
Add-on Signing Update delayed till Firefox 46
No More Ban on Youtube in Pakistan! Linux lovers now can see video tutorials!
"Newer Is Sometimes Better: An Evaluation of NFSv4.1" by Ming Chen, Dean Hildebrand, Geoff Kuenning, Soujanya Shankaranarayana, Bharat Singh, and Erez Zadok [PDF]
Debra with Ian gives Debian : A tribute to Ian Murdock
Ardour 4.6 released with track/bus duiplication, quick access to plugins' presets, and more
The ultimate Linux/GNU multireddit
Mycroft Releases Key AI Component as Open Source
Which arch based linux distro?
grep result of previous grep?
Quick survey for software developers in startups and small businesses
What are some nice Linux related YouTube channels?
Grub can't find partitiom
Which shell do you use?
Why do distros have root?
Running Xorg as as setgid input.
Linux friendly VR headset?
Google deepens partnership with Red Hat, will support OpenShift Dedicated
Learning to code and decided to make a package manager wrapper. Was wondering if anyone was interested.
Errata Security: Net ring-buffers are essential to an OS
Linux Foundation quietly scraps individual memberships
How Tor Traffic Can be exposed using Apache servers ?
Disabling Power Management from Terminal
pipethis - signed replacement for `curl | sh`
New Trojan for Linux can periodically take screenshots
X11 apps on Ubuntu 16.04 Unity 8 [Xmir]
A serious Linux kernel vulnerability has been fixed
One Year Into Linux, I wrote how Awesome and Exciting the experience was.
$149 drone plane runs Linux and streams 30fps video
Inferno OS for the Raspberry Pi 0.5 released
How to run bash commands in parallel
Valadoc.org just got a redesign courtesy of the elementary folks :D
Problem with Grub
Google Is Enabling Brotli Compression Support In Chrome
Linux zero-day vulnerability leaves millions of PCs and 66% of Android devices at risk
ELI5: What is CoreOS and how is it different from other Linux OS, I mean, what makes it so special ?
Why is Ubuntu more used than Redhat
Is it too late to write new packaging systems like DEB and RPM?
Am I the only one who thinks this is ridiculous?
Trouble getting onto the internet while using kali on an external hard drive
Weird problems with Dell 15 7559 (rant)
new year new goals, any goal tracking app ?
Audacity 2.1.2 (audio editor) Released with several Improvements
PulseAudio 8.0 is out!
Does anyone know how many SteamVR games are set to have linux support?
Install MPlayer (Media Player) 1.2 on Linux
Which Linux Is Secure? The Analysis Of Top Popular Distributions
Rust Lang 1.6 Stabilizes Libraries
Setting up let's encrypt - A comprehensive guide
New async sendfile in FreeBSD
Installing and running google chrome in Linux (Ubuntu 15.04 / Fedora /Suse)
en:developers:regulatory:statement [Linux Wireless]
Ike Had a Dream, and it Unfortunately Came True
আপনার অ্যান্ড্রয়েড ফোনে লিনাক্স ইনস্টল করুণ(without Rooting)
SFConservancy still needs support. Don't let GPL enforcement die ! Video from Bradley Kuhn.
Linux Kernel Selftest Framework - Quality Control for New Releases (Shuah Khan, Samsung)
The Art of Unix Programming
REDS.box – Home cloud server based on A20-OLinuXino-LIME on Kickstarter
Mozilla to remove WebRT from Firefox
what's the best way to run a DE from an LXC?
Trackpad has all of a sudden lost functionality?
Where do you store your backups, and what do you back up?
Will libinput bring more input device options?
[AMA Request] The one, and only, Bryan Lunduke (who also happens to be running for the openSUSE board!)
Did you know about dd's built-in progress functionality introduced in coreutils v8.24?
Sarah Sharp talks about increasing diversity in open source
Linux And Open Soruce Wins the Software War, Get Use To It
A Big Push For More OpenCL Hardware Acceleration With GEGL / GIMP
Quail: A Qt chat client for libpurple (Pidgin)
How to Display and Capture Command Output in Linux/Unix Shell
Install Lollypop Gnome Audio Player 0.9.77 in Linux
Pagure: DIY git project hosting
A GNOME on Wayland status update
Numbers don’t lie—it’s time to build your own router
Fedora developer brings MAC address scrambling to Linux
You Can't Destroy the Village to Save It: W3C vs DRM, Round Two
Moksha Desktop 0.2.0 Released
Justin Bieber uses GNOME Shell?!
Linux Voice issue 13 is Creative Commons (CC-BY-SA)
Upgrading Mesa on Debian Stable (Jessie)
Amazon Free Tier – How To Get The Free 1 Year Linux VPS And Install Fedora Cloud &amp; Ubuntu Cloud
Learn how to composite, animate, and track with the Natron video editor
[Video] Slackware 14.1 Live Edition (KDE, MATE, Xfce) - 20 Years After The First Linux LiveCD
Simple I/O device driver for RaspberryPi
Lumail has IMAP .. almost
"No Cost" License Plate Readers Are Turning Texas Police into Mobile Debt Collectors and Data Miners
Why does Linux severely lacks high-grade average Joe GUI apps in comparison with the wealth of great developer/sysadmin tools?
Securing motion (Linux motion detection security software)
Firefox Sandboxing Guide (Firejail)
The year of the desktop! Why not?
Any Tips for Switching From Windows 10 to Linux?
Low Graphics mode???
New user here, what is the best looking and easy to use Distro in 2016?
Hardcore Linux user fails and goes on holidays leaving his Ubuntu laptop unlocked. What's the best prank you can think of?
Best linux laptop for a developer?
Treat /dev/ttyS# the same as /dev/cuad#?
Rosetta of package managers
Any cool linux stuff I can buy with $50
Let's talk about Respect Your Freedom's more controversial requirements
Can someone please explain RedHat Atomic and Ubuntu Snappy and what situations are they worth using in?
The FSF is raising money to support their efforts. I just contribute and I hope you will, too. Please contribute now!
VirtualBox 5.0.14 Released with Several Fixes
Typical Linux admin (repost from /r/IllBeYourGuide)
At FOSDEM this weekend KDE is announcing the newest project - KDE neon
Third try is no charm for failed Linux ransomware creators
Ansible 2.0 Released
Installing and using KDE Desktop on Mint 17.3
home - h-node.org : For Building Your Free GNU System
SolydXK very nice
KDE Plasma 5.5 review
Pitivi Lands Proxy Editing Support, Makes It Closer To Pitivi 1.0
Apache Spark cluster on Tizen
KDE - KDE Ships Plasma 5.5.3, Bugfix Release for January
Synaptic Package Manager 0.83 Released, Now Requires GTK3
Hyperion Confirms Leak Of AmigaOS 3.1 Source Code
32-bit vs 64-bit browsers: which version has the edge?
PlayStation 4 hacked to run Linux, Pokémon
Question regarding Virus-scanning Windows drive from Linux.
replacing my apple tv with a rasberry pi 2. what distro?
Any way to dynamically allocate swap space to a file that allows suspend to RAM and suspend to disk (hibernate)?
Dell Ubuntu support for M3800 is non-existent
Where's a good place to buy Linux prebuilt workstations?
I found this funny
What to do?? Advice lease
Anyone using borg in combination with an online storage service?
Updating drivers on Kubuntu
Everything and the kitchen sink: Compositing, clip editing and non-linear video editing using the Blender powerhouse (also keyframing and 2D tracking for image stabilisation).
How to Set and Unset Local, User and System Wide Environment Variables in Linux
How to Install Mailpile Webmail with Nginx on Ubuntu 15.10
How To Patch and Protect Linux Kernel Zero Day Vulnerability
Introducing Linux Network Namespaces
The former CEO of Mozilla is launching a web browser that blocks all ads by default
Classeur.io Markdown Writing Software
Sending &amp; Receiving SMS on Linux
Telecoms Look Past Cisco and HP to Open Source Hardware
KNOPPIX 7.6.1 Release (2016-01-16)
Bernie Sanders' campaign is right, Microsoft could hurt election -- open source is needed
Linux VSFTPD Installation And Configuration
Operating System Managers
Linux Mint 17.3 “Rosa” Xfce released!
Which Linux Is Secure? The Analysis Of Top Popular Distributions
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people of circum the earth ! Anonymous check in , not pays!
How can I make this effect on Ubuntu Linux? Do you know any software to do so?
Remix OS - Android-based OS For Desktop: Extended Review, Video Demonstration and Installation Instruction
X.Org Might Lose Its Domain Name
"Explain to me how the internet works."
Dutch govt says no to backdoors, slides $540k into OpenSSL
Did you guys know that some company had once tried to bribe the Raspberry Pi Foundation to install malware on all RaspPis?
Ubuntu,Debian and RHEL packaging strategies?
Telegram 0.9.18 Released
No more just FIFA and WWE: PS4 can run Linux. Sony-FailOverflow 0-1
Remix OS EULA Asks to Waive Rights to All User Content
간석업소추천∇간석오피 『 『Ｕ』DIA『Ｓ』Ｏ『03』닷cOm』『부평오피⇔『유흥다이소』』구로오피→논현오피
Need help finding a lightweight distro, running persistently from a USB Drive (if possible on RAM)!
Debian 8 LXDE auto login?
Need help configuring a vsftpd server
Why is Debian's Firefox called "Iceweasel", but Ubuntu can still call it Firefox?
IF NVIDIA GPU drivers were open-source, how would that be a disadvantage to Nvidia?
Crazy linux distros?
This Week in Solus – Install #19
Install SMPlayer 16.1.0 (GUI for MPlayer) in Linux
Best Hacking Tools For Windows, Mac OS X, And Linux.
Ring - Libre P2P chat now on Android
Metasploitable 2 Hack SSH due to misconfiguration of NFS server
seagate smr hdds and linux
Install LAMP Stack (Linux, Apache, MariaDB, php, phpMyAdmin) in CentOS
DistroWatch Weekly reviews Solus 1.0
Install Docker and Learn Basic Container Manipulation in CentOS and RHEL 7/6
How to read user account information
Are Codes of Conduct dangerous to open source software development?
linux academy , learn linux, Linux Introduction
One man's trash is another man's Linux computer
Akonadi – still alive and rocking
Anyone wants to play some cool opensource games AND test new decentralized Internet cjdns? [x-post]
Built on the Android-x86 project - Remix OS
report about Debian Long Term Support, December 2015
Homefront: The Revolution aiming for Linux &amp; SteamOS release on May 20th
Ubuntu phone running a desktop + Reddit app at SCALE
Rollback an apt-get upgrade if something goes wrong on Debian / Ubuntu Linux
FEDORA 24 DROPPING I686 SERVER SUPPORT
Installing Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2 on IBM POWER8 and x86 in bare metal mode: A comparison
Linux Ultrabook recommendations?
Operating system for extended tour?
I got a new PC what Linux based OS should i use?
LINUX PENETRATION TESTING
putty 0.60 cannot connect to ubuntu server but putty 0.66 can!
Hi im just new here, i need help.
Why linux community in the past were so harsh ?
OBS 0.13.0 released
The Brand You Show by The Brand You Show - with Duke Sayer on iTunes
[TIL] To record a screencast in gnome-shell, all you have to do is Ctrl+Shift+Alt+R...So easy!
Mozilla experiments with a combined Firefox address and search field
Why Hackers Must Eject the SJWs
Raspberry Pi Zero 16 node Cluster Packs a Punch
Google's VirusTotal will now Analyse Malicious Firmware too! Operating Systems be more secure now!
DistroWatch Weekly reviews paldo GNU/Linux
Just noticed that thankfully I can create a 9 Exabyte sparse file on my ext4
2015 was the Year of the Linux Phone ... Nah, we're messing with you
How do I send a file as an email attachment using Linux?
Red Hat introduces new open source 'Overpass' Font (Web+TTF)
BSDNow! 126: Illuminating the future on PC-BSD
netboot.xyz - Multiple Operating System iPXE Installer
Edward Snowden will kick off LibrePlanet 2016: Will you be there?
Configuring Linux for music recording and production
I made a script that installs and configures openvpn on Debian-based distributions. Hope it helps some people; let me know if you have issues.
Ringing in 2016 with 64 open-spec, hacker friendly SBCs
Ransom32 is First JavaScript-Based Ransomware Affecting Windows, Mac and Linux
Hacking your Linux computer for a better listening experience
ubuntu.com doesn't support https in 2016
Talos Principle &amp; Serious Sam 3 getting Vulkan updates, Serious Sam 4 will be on a much improved engine
Debian Project Founder Ian Murdock has passed away
What exactly is docker, and how could it benefit me on a desktop machine or home server?
Linux distro that doesn't require safe shutdown.
Thunderbird or Evolution in 2016 ?
Has anyone used Samsung Magician on linux for a Samsung SSD?
So What About those Phone Records Now? EFF Writes to FISA Court
Apt-Get &amp; Apt-Cache commands to manage packages on Debian Based Systems
LightDM-Webkit pantheon theme. What do you think?
"4 Linux Music Players That Deserve Your Attention Now" Did any of you use one of tham? What do you use on your linux box to listen some music?
How to install Spark 2.7.5 IM client in Linux
How To Configure Vsftpd To Use SSL/TLS in Linux
Setup Apache Virtual Hosts on CentOS, RHEL &amp; Fedora
A command-line murder mystery
Mm friends who get it
Superpowers, a HTML5 development environment for 2D &amp; 3D games now open source
High Performance computing and parallel computing amateur linux test lab
Linux zero-day hangs heaviest over Android and IoT
Inside The Ubuntu Phone
Attention Web Designers! Linux Reseller Hosting is your Way to the Highway
How To Route Web Traffic Securely Without a VPN using a SOCKS Tunnel
linux training fees ,Linux Course Online ,Linux Crash Course
Why privacy is important, and having 'nothing to hide' is irrelevant
Nvidia Shield Android TV review: Linux conquers the living room
The no-frills guide to Crouton: Ubuntu Linux on your Chromebook
Raspberry PI as a very simple WiFi to Ethernet Bridge
2 Bugeros | Skywars | Urucube
How You Can Help Test the New Ubuntu Software Center
LibreOffice Downloads and Development Numbers Are Really Impressive
Skylake users given 18 months to upgrade to Windows 10
Need help for an idea, not sure if Linux is the answer...
Is "let" not a valid bash statement?
Linux/Unix admins (or users), how long is your beard?
openSUSE wifi help
Is there a website that visually introduces the very basics of Linux to absolute beginners?
Linux Foundation Individual Membership
A place called Linux?
Google Open Sources Dataflow Analytics Code through Apache Incubator
Linux Mint 18 Will Get Its Own Set Of Apps
Jaguar Board is an x86 based Single Board Computer
GNU is a cult and a scam. Avoid it at all costs!
Mount efivarfs read-only · Issue #2402 · systemd/systemd · GitHub
Zero Day Linux Kernel Vulnerability Is Affecting Millions Device.
Linux networking stack from the ground up, part 1
