Looking to Meet Other 20-Somethings in LA
A Canadian metalhead and a fashionista need your recommendations for our upcoming trip to L.A!
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/28/16
[GUIDE] How Not To Get Robbed in L.A.
Los Angeles weekend discussion thread 1/15/16 - 1/17/16
Weird LADWP billing question
My landlord is increasing my rent from 950 to 1700 by March 1st. Is this legal?
What is your favorite place to watch the sun RISE in LA?
Does LA have usable water underground/ could it?
L.A. City Council Moves To Make More Landlords Accept Pets
Meanwhile in Sunset and Vine
Yesterday in Angeles Point
Malibu mansions target of Sierra Club suit involving U2’s The Edge
Los Angeles Narcotics Heat Maps
STAR WARS Parody: The Force Awakens (Episode VII) : FAKE TRAILER!!!!
Couple Arrested On Drug Charges Also Accused Of Binding Cat’s Paws With Electrical Tape
Jewelry district in Downtown
Want L.A.'s bike-share program to succeed? Pay people to use it.
Farewell to the tangerine
Any fans of The Strokes out there? Albert Hammond Jr. playing one-off show at The Roxy [Feb. 10]
Redditors of Los Angeles, I need your help finding a car rental.
NFL owners to approve Rams, Inglewood stadium proposal. The Raiders have withdrawn from relocating to Los Angeles.
Know Your Rights (Police Brutality)
Wilshire Grand Tower progress
Why do local TV News field reporters nod their heads as they start speaking?
Does LA still boot cars?
Is anyone interested in a casual, beginner MtG draft tournament/round Robin?
Can someone explain why are metro trains are so old?
How much is it to rent a car in LA?
Will a ‘Godzilla El Niño’ Put a Dent in the Drought? | Science Friday (1/8/16)
2 Men Sought in Violent Attempted Robbery at Huntington Beach Gas Station
Heavy Rock Tomorrow night at Los Globos! - Andraus, Jerkagram, Hepa.Titus (The Cows, Melvins) &amp; PlanesWalker
Mattel’s iconic Barbie has new body types: curvy, tall and petite
Raiders Los Angeles Stadium Opening Day Proposal
Unprecendented catastrophe underway near Los Angeles; Largest gas leak ever recorded — “Equivalent to strength of a volcanic eruption” — “Thousands suffer nose bleeds, vomiting” — “Potentially devastating on planetary scale” — Expert: “It’s so far above and beyond what I’ve ever seen”
Hey, L.A. Don't forget to turn off your sprinklers for a week or so!
All You Need is Love!
Just walking my goat in Mar Vista.
Hammer Museum has announced the 26 artists that will be featured in the 2016 "Made in L.A." exhibition, featuring 5 native Angeleno artists
Does this photo look like it could have been taken in SoCal (at a stretch)?
Cool-looking Highrise to Replace That Car Wash in Downtown
Can't cook meat. Must be a female, no exceptions.
WOW Air Offers Flight Deals From LAX to Iceland that start at $99.
BUSted! Los Angeles - "True Stories about getting around Los Angeles on the Bus"
Danny Trejo talks vegan tacos at the new Trejo's Tacos on La Brea.
St. Louis Rams sacked by real estate reality as team moves to Los Angeles
A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS ACROSS PORTIONS OF COASTAL SRN CA
The Fascinating Story Behind Why So Many Nail Technicians Are Vietnamese
Patt Morrison has a new podcast for the LA Times.
Tattoo artists you recommend
Possibly moving to LA soon and need living advice!
We had a 4.8 earthquake, did we just set off LA's H-bomb of justice?
Powers out on my block
Car Parts Stolen in Weho...How to Prevent Future Break-Ins?
It's time to talk about the decline of the r/losangeles meetup page, and how we can make it great again.
Where can I get good burrito-size tortillas in LA?
Moving from Sydney Australia to California for a rap career. Is it worth it?
OC Sheriff’s Department: Remaining Jail Inmate Escapees Arrested
A smart approach to helping LA's homeless
1 of 3 Orange County jail escapees surrenders to police
We want UCLA! Bruins America's most popular with record 119K applications
Roy Choi Kogi BBQ Brick &amp; Mortar Opening in Palms
Pictures of the Day for Thursday, Jan. 7, 2016
Coachella announces 2016 lineup: Guns N’ Roses, LCD Soundsystem to headline
What's expected in the coming year
What builder or architect started the horizontal wood fence trend that is everywhere now?
Santa Monica Votes to Phase-In $15 Minimum Wage
Traffic Noise Pollution Shortens City Dwellers Lives
Pics of the Mount Lowe Railway; a failed resort in the San Gabriels from the turn of the 20th Century
[My Blog] My photos from Bricks LA 2016, a Lego expo at the Pasadena Convention Center this past weekend
3 teens from China will go to prison for a San Gabriel Valley attack on a classmate
Pick-up soccer in Torrance @ LA Galaxy Soccer Center
Why is the new football team still called the rams?
LA Marathon runners roll call. We're you guys at?
Best food places around Irvine?
Anyone know any cool places to see the sunset?
help me find cocaine in la
I love seeing people adventuring around the world in leather jacket.
I need to be culture shocked!
Remember Jacopo's Pizzeria? Is there any pizza in Los Angeles similar?
Weeping willow trees in Los Angeles?
Cheap contact lens exam in the valley?
Street parking situation
Somewhere in L.A. or the Valley for tinting?
LA, what should tourists do on a Friday night after 2am?
[my event] Let's watch a movie and socialize: Grave of the Fireflies.
Los Angeles NFL decision tomorrow, who do you want?
Jazz jam sessions?
So how does a person pay for parking meters remotely in Los Angeles?
Layer of smog as seen from the 39th Floor on Fig and 8th
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my aaa
Even Beyoncé Can’t Buy a House in L.A. - You Don’t Have to Feel Sorry for the Superrich, but It Might Help to See How the Housing Crunch Affects Us All
Smokeless tobacco is out at Dodger Stadium
Support the Endless Fruit Orchard!
Streaming funeral for metal-music legend Lemmy lets everyone attend
L.A. Lawmaker Proposes ‘Parking Bill of Rights’ to Help California Motorists
Son, 33, Fatally Shoots Father Who Killed 3 People in Rowland Heights: Sheriff’s Department
Attempts to Plug the Enormous Porter Ranch Methane Leak Have Made Things Way Worse &amp; no one is held criminally responsible
Crappy video of the very strange light I saw over west LA earlier tonight.
Dogs Running Loose on L.A. Freeways
[LosAngeles] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:agaddndl
Iconic Old Pasadena Family Business Stats Will Close
Los Angeles CrashBot - Twitter bot that tweets every time there is a crash
Who’s Been Killing the Feral Peacocks of Palos Verdes?
Shaun White Hosts Air + Style in Los Angeles February 20 &amp; 21
AHF's Michael Weinstein Has a New Fight, and It's Not About HIV (re: Housing Moratorium)
I want to take my girlfriend to dinner tonight, what's a good place where you have to dress up formal?
As soon as I can move away from this God forsaken city, I think I'm gonna miss this the most.
In your experience, is it hard to find a place to rent in LA with poor credit? Any tips on finding a place without good credit?
DAE commute with LA Metro?
PSA: Do Not Leave Your Car Parked On The Street For More Than 72 Hours
The Camp Transformation Challenge
My husband is turning 30 and would love to take him to The Magic Castle. Help?
Advice on best place to live in your 20s.
Couldn't hurt to ask..
Is there any churches or organizations in KoreaTown that give out food?
Is LA Transit In Decline? It's Complicated
They may have “lost control entirely of entire field” involved in LA gas disaster, and it’s coming up everywhere..We learned there’s many other leaks -Attorney — Officials: Loud sound of gas escaping heard half mile away; A “mini-Chernobyl” — AP: Leak “out of control”..
California Considers Taxing Drivers By The Mile
LA Zoo Employee Hurt After Falling Into Gorilla Enclosure
DC Salad Chain Sweetgreen Moving Headquarters to LA
11 gut-busting dishes that challenge all you know about the Los Angeles food scene
Gov. Brown to seek November ballot initiative to relax mandatory prison sentences
Someone's off their lithium again
Bel Air Bar + Grill Goes Tip-Free
Extremely rare El Niño migration captured on film
Asian American Expo is this weekend
Move over Louisiana, Los Angeles is emerging as a hot sauce capital
USC students holding a "Sewer Dance," 1958.
L.A. county shade ball "safety test" NFS lab is a 40 minute drive from the Flint Michigan tap water crisis unfolding... seems legit.
Lucky Boy's Pasadena!
Good morning from the tournament house!
The rain is here, and my kids couldn't be happier!
Can You Fish in Echo Park Lake? If So, What’s in It, and Can You Keep What You Catch?
Shack Shack is having a 1 day Los Angeles pop up event on Jan 25th. I bet lines are going to be HUGE.
A look at the new NFL stadium in Inglewood. I like that they even have the smog in one of the renderings
After being told that it would take about a month for them to review a claim, thanks to social media, they suddenly care.
Aliso Canyon Gas Leak Update
Car Crash and Flip Off Angeles Crest Highway Video
Both school will agree, "fuck you Ralphs"
Any smart ways to get discounts for nice LA gyms (e.g. Equinox)
What LA street gang will be the first to adopt the colors of the Inglewood Rams
AHF's Michael Weinstein Has a New Fight, and It's Not About HIV
Looking for a soccer pub? Are you a Chelsea supporter? You've come to the right place..
Best way to get from Culver City to Disneyland?
Anyone see the play 1984?
I'm moving to L.A. in about 6 months!
Around what time do the free spots in the NoHo Metro all filled up?
White dog at Echo Park/101 north freeway ramp
Rant: When out of town friends visit LA, they are always late!
Search underway for 3 inmates who escape Orange County Central Men's Jail in Santa Ana by cutting through tunnels and rappelling from the roof.
When Fast-Food Startups Strive to Improve the Way Communities Eat -- Locol, a new restaurant in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles, aims to provide a financially strapped community with healthy, tasty, and inexpensive quick meals.
Send help! I want to identify the location in which these images were produced in downtown LA.
[LosAngeles] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Garcetti Aid Gives Himself Grandiose New Title
Murphy Ranch Demolition Date
Five Pakistanis arrested for an illegal entry in US
Residents Sue Over 'Negligent' Practices By Gas Company, As Pipeline Leak Goes Into Third Month
Snow Summit Flu Season is upon us! (old radio ad)
Shot of Downtown LA from Vista Hermosa Park.
Video: Watch the Los Angeles River rage from the El Nino storms
Hey, LA. I'm an Airbnb host ambassador and there's a pretty sweet deal for you right now.
Sky's on fire, yo.
Fire around Alvarado/Echo Park
Obligatory: "Didja just feel the ground shake?"
Rainfall map shows accumulation by the hour for each area
The dog barking in my neighborhood is out of control. Suggestions?
Anybody know where I can get a Cheeseburger Sub?
Stand-up Comedy Open Mics?
Shop was robbed at gunpoint last week, LAPD wont return calls for video evidence of incident
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/21/16
Chains/4 wheel drive to get to Mount High?
My 1940s-era LA apartment complex is not rent stabilized according to new ZIMAS system?
Despite theologians' disapproval, more Iranians are discovering the joy of pets
XBiz picked up Dr. Susan Block's EcoSex Keynote
Sometimes getting that great shot in time means running your ass up a hill. [DTLA Sunset 1/27/16] [OC]
Outside NoHo Red Line
Rival Between Ryan Bader And Anthony Johnson In Ufc
What Businesses Think of the Gold Line
The choices you make behind the wheel can shatter countless lives...
Operation "Right to Rest"
(Rowland Heights) I don't even know what flavor this would be...
L.A.'s hottest zip codes
Are the storms this next week officially the start of El Niño?
Why So Many Cities in California Are Banning Cannabis
LAPD's Chief is recommending criminal charges for the cop who shot the guy to death in Venice last May
I Caught the Wind Direction Change Overnight Before the Rain.
Never forget the Rose Bowl Tornado (and to eat more chicken)...
Goddammit, Time Warner, stop throttling my internet.
I need a place to live????? Halp??? Pls?
Political Survey For My Govn Class
Best Locations for Art Walk this Thursday?
Looking for work in LA and trying to find stuff off the beaten path
Free brewery tours?
Car rental in L.A. What are your thoughts? and/or tips and deals ;)
[Request] Good places to look for unique and cheap art for apartment walls.
Potential Redbox scamming.
LA METRO BUS - WILL I DIE?
What makes you love LA??
Forgotten Founders: The hidden African history of LA opens Feb 4
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/19/16
Vegetarian restaurants near the Broad Museum
Need a gym partner
Los Angeles weekend discussion thread 1/8/16 - 1/10/16
Did DeVry University lie about students’ job prospects, earning potential?
REMINDER: RUN TO REMEMBER IS TOMORROW! STREET CLOSURES INSIDE!
Commission probing permanent closure of Aliso Canyon gas field amid massive leak
Sounds of westlake collection: violent exorcism in spanish
Photos from Malibu.
Singer Vehicle Design L.A. Area Book Signing This Saturday
Los Angeles drivers today
Lots of LA firefighters on this list: 9 firefighters who topped $200K in overtime (and one who made just under that)
It’s The SUZYS! The DrSusanBlock.Tv Awards 2015: And The Winners Are… [NSFW]
DTLA vs The Hollywoods ***NIGHTLIFE***
WHATS A DAY WITHOUT BEING CUT OFF!?
Aliso Canykn Gas Leak update
Best Thai restaurant in the SFV ?
Massive power out
Los Angeles Fashion/Clothing Designers?
Party Transportation Ideas
[Meet-Up] Any WWE fans in Los Angeles out there? ROYAL RUMBLE viewing party this Sunday!
What are LA's favorite or most unfavorite bike shops and why?
Birthday Cakes in the valley
Help a tourist find some sporting events
LA "Culture Tour" -- NEED YOUR IDEAS!!
Los Angeles weekend discussion thread 1/1/16
I need help with public transit routes from LAX to downtown Greyhound.
Coyote Safety tips with small dog?
[My event] "L.A. Bombing &amp; The Making of a Serial Killer" forensic science seminar, Sunday 1/17
Armenian Power gang check yields guns, 200 marijuana plants
First Time Home Buyer Programs
Top 5 Food Trends Spotted at 2016 Winter Fancy Food Show
The Academy Approves a Series of Changes to Avoid Another #OscarsStillSoWhite Disaster
cheesy el niño video i made [my video]
Hey, SoCal cyclists, is Specialized hybrid this your bike? Forwarded to me by someone who's certain it's stolen.
Dashcam footage shows car drive off Angeles Crest Highway, tumble down mountain [no injuries]
Should Los Angeles Transform Itself Into a Sponge City?
Talib Kweli &amp; Hi-tek - Belasco Theater 25$
It's all about perspective
Did y'all know there's a kickass LA Beer subreddit?
just drive up the 2 after rains in the winter. kid got to play in snow for the first time
Malibu’s Paradise Cove 54 Years Ago and Today
The LA basin and crescent moon visible early yesterday morning from the backside of Mt. Wilson. OC
Stella McCartney Presenting Her Collection At Amoeba
Need a guy partner
I don't have to look outside to know it's raining...
Missing Senior Found in Cal Poly Pomona Campus. Maybe someone will recognize her. Please share!
What if we get eight football teams. Seriously.
Tickets to the broad - got em
Injured feral cat - animal control?
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/11/16
What do you guys do for extra money?
Anyone Looking to Play Slowpitch Softball?
Has anyone been to LA Film School? How is the music production program?
Does it smell like onions and garlic to anyone else? Could this be because of the Porter Ranch gas leak?
If the NFL comes back to LA, would you rather have a stadium in Carson or inglewood?
Gustavo Dudamel and Youth Orchestra L.A. to perform at Super Bowl 50 halftime show
Barbie Now Comes In Curvy, Tall And Petite
Voters in this year’s Silver Lake Neighborhood Council elections will be able to cast their ballots online
Long Beach P.D. missing person alert. In case anyone has seen him or know his whereabouts.
Los Angeles Zoo employee falls into gorilla enclosure
Interactive Map To Determine if Apartment is Rent Controlled
How much methane and mercaptan am I breathing?
'IS suicide attack' planned in Munich: German officials
Sunset Los Angeles 1.5.16 Miracle Mile
HAPPY NEW YEAR 201~~5~~6
The smallest parks in Los Angeles
[Meet-up] Wii / N64 / PS1 / SNES videogame party tonight (Saturday) at 6pm in Koreatown
My friend saw this dude at a Starbucks in Los Feliz
Just happened at the Rose Parade
A Young Mayor's Fight to Save Los Angeles From Gridlock
TIL that this museum featuring items from people's break-ups will be opening in Los Angeles in a couple months near Hollywood and Highlight. You can submit your own items to try and get them into the exhibit. (They have not launched a website yet for the LA location yet...)
Los Angeles weekend discussion thread 1/8/16 - 1/10/16
Looking for Housing
Is it true that most women from los angeles would secretly prefer being a pillow princess?
My backpack was stolen, with my whole life inside it. Is there any hope of retrieving my stolen laptop?
TIL that there used to be a giant racetrack in Beverly Hills
Leaking Los Angeles Gas Well Ordered Shut Down
Tattoo artists converge on Pasadena for inaugural expo
Sunset from San Pedro
Crime up across board in LA; homicides, rapes rise 9 percent
What does the KT in KTLA stand for?
There is beautiful wildlife in Los Angeles
Housing Skid Row’s Homeless, Tent by Tent
Shake Shack Coming To Downtown L.A. (8th &amp; Hill)
4pm Thurs 1/28 Bad Accident Hollywood Blvd. and Edgemont in Los Feliz, avoid the area
Stalemate over homeless encampments frustrates San Pedro
Westboro baptist church to picket Redondo Union High School Monday 1-11-16 from 7:00am to 7:30am...
Downtown LA at 8am this morning.
What Are FHA Loan Requirements?
Ready for Rain, LA? "A series of storm systems are lining up across the Pacific Ocean" this week
L.A. firefighters see their first hoverboard fire, captured on video; Metrolink bans devices
WANTED: Araiza, Gustavo - Los Angeles Police Department
[My Site] Daily Updated Cool events/places in Southern California -would love feedback
Internet Voting in CA legal soon: but how to me make sure they don't f--- it up like the other voting system?
Two free tickets to 'Inception' presented by Insomniac at Exchange LA tonight
Does anyone have tickets to the broad 28th-4th of February?
Recommendations for an immigration lawyer?
Neighborhoods off of the new Expo Line Extension
People are going to get sick and die and no one will lose their job or go to jail.
Hike-able skiing near LA?
Tips for driving in LA?
Where to stay? [M 24 &amp; F 23} from Wisconsin
Just another weather post. Storm Eugene?!
New to LA, need new rock shows. Real underground ones. Not ones with bottle service. And bands? Help!
Angelenos who have left, stayed, or returned to Los Angeles: How has your view of the city and its culture changed?
Looking to volunteer, web designer
Best place to buy cheap(ish) ski clothes?
Taft Building as Filming Location
Santa Barbara California History and Cartography (1877) YouTube Video
We will rebuild
Sunrise at the port this morning.
3 Arrested in Santa Ana Hit-and-Run: A man and two women have been arrested in connection with a hit-and-run crash that left a man dead in Santa Ana, police said on Monday.
California state of emergency over methane leak
1978 - two Electric Cars were on display during Sun Day Activities at the California State Museum of Science &amp; Industry in Exposition Park.
Looking for a location that looks similar to this New York style exterior
Deadly Hawthorne street race kills innocent driver; Police looking for second suspect
Welcome to the Neighborhood! (Silver Lake, border East Hollywood)
Chinchillas been wired since we got him.
So I met a famous person today at the Starbucks in Melrose but didnt know who she was at first.
Desperately Seeking California
Selling/Looking for a friend for tonight "An Evening with Neil deGrasse Tyson"
Anyone did the Shake Shack pop-up thing today?
Free legal street parking near downtown
Used Office Furniture Dealers?
Missing Cat - North Hollywood
Good primary care doctor on the east side?
LOST: Black Wallet in Little Tokyo
Last month the woman in a restaurant booth next to me dies of a drug OD. Today I'm sitting in my car at Von's when a white guy in a sweater vest crouches between my SUV and the one parked next to me and hits on a crack pipe. WTH LA? I need to stay home.
How's the downtown Long Beach bar scene on a Thursday night?
Bucket List for Student in LA?
SoCal Gas. STATE OF EMERGENCY
Corner of Figueroa and 7th #bark
West Covina man convicted in beating death of transgender woman in Baldwin Park
Photo I took of one of SoCal's wonderful beach sunsets
The fight to keep Korean businesses in L.A.
Small plane lands on freeway, shocking (and delaying) motorists
Who does Prop 13 benefit? A comparison of overall housing costs including property taxes in major cities
L.A. in Eight Exposures: A Polaroid Photo Essay
CAMINANDO EN LOS ANGELES - VIDA EN LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA, VIDA EN USA, ...
Spotted an r/LosAngeles redditor out in the wild
Every day on the 405
Angeles Crest Hwy after yesterday's rain.
Hashtags and Brains
Free Minecraft
LAPD Asks Public To Help Them Find Murder, Carjacking Suspect
Griffith Park shuttle proposal - too little of a good thing?
Which NFL stadium proposal would screw up L.A. traffic the least?
Need Help Finding Sweet ‘Starsky And Hutch’ ’74 Gran Torino Stolen in Sun Valley!
Help a local homeless man who assisted police in locating an officer who was beaten and shot to death while in foot pursuit. He then provided information leading to the arrest and conviction of the killer.
Prostitution in Los Angeles
Doctors Urge California Residents "Leave Now...While You Can" As Gas Leak Fears Grow
Friendly Reminder: dineLA Restaurant Week is starting on Jan 18-31, 2016
[GQ] Meet Jonathan Gold, the man who knows every part of L.A.'s sprawling food map
Rains to slow Los Angeles Fire Department response, says chief
A Look Inside the New Los Angeles Federal Courthouse
#‎GoBonobos‬ in 2016 has been picked up by CounterPunch (official) "America's Best Political Newsletter" :)
Moving to L.A tip/advice Rent lease, area, any advice is welcome
Los Angeles has been awarded the 2017 NHL All Star Game
I need someone to call my phone please. I set it down in my apartment now I can't find it.
Camera op. wanted - $200 for a short shooting Monday (tomorrow)
1080p#W.a.t.c.h![Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens]F..u..l..l. Movie. S..t..r..e..a..m..i..n.g. O.n.l.i.n.e. F.r.e.e
What can I do about a loud neighbor in the Valley?
Best neighborhoods for those moving to LA in their early 20's?
81 days since the Methane Gas Leak started in SFV and it won't be fixed because the media is giving Democrats a pass
Need ideas on waht to do coming from someone who doesnt go out much at all
Does anyone know of any radio stations around LA that play local independent music?
Regarding the Porter Ranch methane leak, has anyone had an uptick in headaches?
Official LA Rams Press Conference- Friday, January 15th
I'm sending an LA themed care package to my friend in the UK, what should I put in it?
ESL schools for Brazilian student
Jesus titty fucking Christ Glenn Frey just died. Can we start 2016 over, please?
AB63 estimated assessment
[My Blog] Our pictures from acting like tourists for a day and going to Griffith Observatory
Free Museum Days in LA
Paramount Lawsuit Claims PAs 'Forced' to Poop in Their Cars
How to report LA potholes, file claim for car damage
Top 8 Tips for First Timers – Vacation Apartment Rental
Come watch the new movie Lazer Team in Redondo Beach on Wednesday January 27th.
Breaking: Daniel Radcliffe dead at 26
Whats happening on the 405/5?
LAPD detective is accused of intimidating and threatening her ex-boyfriend
Over zealous cop alert: WeHo
This is all I can think of today....../ And who do you think that storm was?
West Hollywood to offer free buses to Metro subway
Gov. Brown Declares State of Emergency at Porter Ranch Amid Massive Gas Leak
The Company Behind LA's Methane Disaster Knew Its Well Was Leaking 24 Years Ago
I hear tickets to the Infinity Mirrored Room at the Broad are gone within an hour of the museum opening. Can anyone confirm?
$10 Pre-sale Ticket Deal to Hollywood's OHM Night Club for this Friday, Jan 22!
House hunting in the Riverside area
After Hours Underground Party! This Friday, January 8th til' 5am! [Future House / Latin House]
Eva Longoria's &amp; Celebrity Chef Todd's Beso Restaurant in Hollywood presents: Khemestry's EDM Music Event ~ Friday, January 29th!
I think my neighbors might be stealing with mail. Not sure what to do regarding delivery for stuff I'll need to be buying soon.
My 100+ r/LosAngeles &amp; r/California Pictures Collection!
Trying to find friends in the Valley/LA...come one come all.
What new bad for you foods have you found?
Construction in Palms all night?
Am I the only one unexcited about the Rams returning to LA? They left 21 years ago after they'd deteriorated into a mediocre team, so nobody really cared about them leaving. We already have two good football teams in town, UCLA &amp; USC, and one good futbol team, the Galaxy.
Anyone planning on going to Lightning in a Bottle?
Looking for bicyclist who was witness to a Glendale car accident
A reminder to stay safe
Looking for help moving a leather chair in ktown.
Why does affluent Porter Ranch get more urgent environmental relief than working-class Boyle Heights?
The Halal Guys Coming to K-Town in early April!
Embryo Adoption Allowed A 50-Year-Old L.A. Woman To Give Birth To Twins
Gas Company Understated Benzene Exposure From California Leak
A jackpot-winning ticket was sold in Chino Hills
Top 8 Tips for First Timers – Vacation Apartment Rental
Last night Sunset from a drone - Catalina in background
New El Niño storm drenches, disrupts California
Ram IT! THE RAMS ARE BACK. (Yes I know others have posted. But this song needs attention today)
It's powerball mania now that nobody has won!! Also, all the places that sell lotter only have room for 3 numbers and all say 999 million
[X-Post] r/rawdenim 3sixteen Sample Sale in LA
So this is El Nino huh?
Aliso Canyon Gas Leak Update: Gov. Brown Visited Porter Ranch
Top 5 Universities In California 2015/2016
Interview With Legendary LA Hip-Hop &amp; Electro Pioneer Egyptian Lover
A decent opportunity for cash if you're broke
Tracking the slow decline of the Pacific Electric Railway Red Cars
Flooding today on the 5 Freeway @ Burbank
Los Angeles Graffiti Artist, Skid Robot Gives Back for the Holidays
Come watch the Presidential Debates at 1739 Public House on Sunday night!
ca california dmv test option
The Heart and Soul of Los Angeles [map]
Why does the Inland Empire not have its own media market?
Any one into Pegging?
Is there a place I can go to with super fast upload speeds?
Question on TCL (Chinese Theater)
What kind of jobs would be available to me in Manhattan beach.
Fun things to do in LA when you're sick but your friend is visiting from out of state?
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/6/16
Where should I live in LA County ?
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/13/16
Have an 8-hour layover in LA. Things to do near LAX?
Big Oil has made the Political Process for Change impossible and is able to legally Gas Americans with Methane at Porter Ranch this won't end until people react with Force instead of Words
sup LA fam! i 'found' a hidden employee discount code for a free womans necklace worth about $20 bucks. perfect gift for valentines day. use code: VOIDMEM#0415 at checkout. they even have a special offer going on now that makes this even better lol
any local photographers on here?
Guess? ceases using banned Angora wool in clothing production
New station for the LAX Airport Mover to Metro Crenshaw Light Rail Line - est build 2019
Two feet of snow expected across northern Sierra Nevada this week
Porter Ranch Residents To Protest Outside Third Meeting With Air-Quality Regulators
Lenovo, Google join hands for Project Tango
$200 Million Takeover Bid Would Bring Dov Charney Back to American Apparel
S5 found in angeles crest
Hey boys I'm Emma and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Tweets too short? Twitter considers 10,000 characters: Report
Weekly What To Do: Reality Is Not Virtual, Just Hot
L.A. housing is expensive, sure. But are you paying too much for your rental?
I made a fantasy transit map for LA. Let me know what you think!
Educational space for flourishing community garden by Kirill Volchinskiy
Azusa and APU ask Metro to delay March 2016 opening of easternmost Gold Line Station
Orange County Sheriffs Allow Guy Who Cut Off Another Guys Penis To Escape. Use Caution, Protect Your Wieners!
Tips for a Seattlite looking to spend time in LA?
After Hours @Beso Hollywood [Deep House/Techno/Minimal] ~ Ends at 5am! Friday, January 29th!
Just got a parking ticket, while my hazards were on, within the minute I was gone...
I feel like this is completely necessary
Study Spots near DTLA/USC?
Good coffee shop to write or study in Beverly Hills/WeHo?
What's with all the police flying down Santa Moncia Ave eastbound?
Is MetroTAP's Website Reliable?
Free Rehabilitation of an Aggressive Dog
Personal Trainer in South Bay / West Side?
How do you tell what movie is playing in the "main" auditorium at the Chinese?
Los Angeles daily discussion thread 1/5/16
If you get a chance, go take a look at the mountains today. Spectacular.
Guitar Setup on East Side?
I need...pillbugs?
LAPD Officer Charged With Murder Faces Court Hearing: A large crowd packed a courtroom Wednesday for a hearing that will determine whether there is enough evidence to order a former Los Angeles police officer to stand trial for the shooting death of a man after a fistfight in a Pomona bar last year.
Found at Bristol Farms in Santa Monica: the next trend in milk
Sky Line of Los Angeles, 1921.
Rams' Move Proves Again Owners Have Rigged It So Only They Can Win
Sexy peruvian me llamo eva
Today is free museum day. Let's get some culture
LA County Fair to be audited by the state. The county fair is a non profit organization that has reported losing money year after year, however, it's CEO/President earns $900k per year...
LA Limo Service
I've gotten tickets for lesser infractions...
DÂN ĂN NHẬU ALUMIN Kip 3
360/VR Tour of the Huntington Gardens &amp; Library (view with the YouTube app on your phone)
Torrance police accused of illegally detaining, searching motorist in lawsuit
OPI to move nail polish manufacturing from North Hollywood to North Carolina
At Bricks LA 2016, a Lego Expo, at the Pasadena Convention Center this weekend
DTLA looking worse than ever of late regardless of gentrification attempts
Rams Chargers combo?
Dog stolen in Venice. Please help find Kramer
If you're a little wetter today than yesterday, listen to this classic Henry Rollins bit about El nino for some smiles.
Got a background in dance and the ability to dunk? Exciting job opportunity awaits you.
Best fish stores in and around LA?
Tap studio / Who wants to dance with me?
Car safety in LA
LAFD Predicts You May Have a Power Outage...
What's going on downtown?
Anybody been to the Del Amo Fashion Center lately? Looks pretty awesome nowadays.
Hey Spotify Users - Working on a playlist of all the best Los Angeles musicians / bands from all time. Got any bands / groups to contribute?
I'm Thinking of Starting a Football Team in L.A.
Officers with the LAPD tell CBS2 that in the event of an emergency, you might have a long wait.
EcoSex Keynote in Puerto Rico, Cheating Boyfriend, Sushi Girl, Valentine’s Day The Bonobo Way &amp; Help on Your Phone When You Need to Talk ❤️
The thin line between city and nature
FOR THOSE SEEKING TO MOVE HERE: Average rent by zipcode, 2015 data
Beloved KCRW Show 'Which Way L.A.' Will End On January 28, 2016
The vote to rename Elysian Park Avenue to Vin Scully Avenue passes 12-0 in City Council!
Mystery Location - Band thought it might be in Santa Clarita... Anybody know where it is?
This website shows the payroll for all City departments in 2015. LAPD's payroll was over one billion, followed DWP at roughly $900 million. The next highest (LAFD) received approx. $440 million. Other agencies like LADOT and Parks received $90 million and $120 million, respectively.
LA Zoo employee rescued after falling into gorilla closure
Red Hot Chili Peppers Announce 'Feel the Bern' Concert [My Blog]
The Vile Majesty of Hollywood Boulevard on New Year’s Eve
No barkin from the dog, no smog... It Was a Good Day
[My Blog] Our visit to the Museum of Jurassic Technology last weekend! Bonus restaurant recommendation.
How Orange County Seceded from Los Angeles
Guys, we're all going, right?
Any League players here? I was hoping someone would Paypal $10-15 for good/gas for the week in exchange for a $10 skin.
Yesterday in a random alley in East Hollywood, things got a bit wild.
Vintage photos of LA
