Would primes be easier to find in base-12?
Math skills useful for a paraplegic to know. Ideas?
Advice on enjoying Algebra?
Discrete Mathematics. I suck at it, how can I become an expert.
[Request] Student-friendly introduction to recurring decimals, limits and real numbers.
Holden Lee's Number Theory Textbook
Found this in an airplane magazine. Anyone have an idea of what this is?
Exceptionally good lectures on Abstract Algebra - useful for any undergrad
The mathematical way to cut a pizza.
[Question] Probability - Damaged Coins
Largest prime number yet discovered has 22 million digits, 5 million digits longer than the previous largest known prime, discovered in 2013.
The First Step in Solving all Math Problems.
Best career? Help~
Operator precedence
For those of you using Khan Academy
A riddle I have yet to solve. What's going on here?
How should I get my little brother interested in math?
Books on Topology
Suggestions on video lectures with more theoretical maths
"Entry-level" job on the path to become an Mathematician?
Math major looking for a rigorous and intuitive intro to probability.
Someone tell me what to feel?
Blog about interesting math applications I've been working on
Kai Hauser, "What new axioms could not be" [pdf]
A neat proof of the Pythagorean Theorem attributed to U.S. President James A. Garfield
Does this Pattern or Shape have a name or names?
[math] Individual naughty meeting at a decent level. Register - arrange a meeting!
Why are induction proofs so challenging for students?
[Help request] Formula for the sum of powers of powers of two
How to solve this type of problem: estimating likelihood of drawing success based on past results.
Why is squaring a number easier than taking its square root?
Is this paper correct? Their experimental validation fails to utilize most of what they derive and features several typos.
The Pizza Conundrum
Would you be interested to collaborate on solving this problem? (mathematics)
Did Grothendieck betray the mathematics community?
ELI5: why are PDEs so difficult compared to ODEs?
Is there a way to find the inscribed square on this curve?
Any recommendations on who to see present at the JMM?
Resources for math history and application
Is the story about Evan O'Dorney solving a math problem at 14 that stumped Stanford PhDs false?
Rate of passage
Have 2 math courses this semester. What to expect/ how to prepare?
cpm homework help
A Beautiful Mind: Wonder Years' McKellar (Winnie Cooper) Bonafide Math Whiz
Wrapping a piece of the real number line to a circle and connecting the products of numbers produces some very interesting results and structures.
Mathematicians Invent Infinite Ways To Slice Pizza
Ideas for a high school math club seminar?
A pretty cool site - Blog about interesting math stuff
2d curl, div and complex derivative
Really dumb math question converting sq ft
What is the height of the apex for a Basketball shot.
What's your favorite non-famous open problem?
Does anyone know where I can get a download of Linear algebra done right, 3rd edition?
Weird zero problem
When and why do we use pictograms?
Can Someone ELI5 Transfinite Induction?
creating 3D function from 2 2D functions
How can a math problem be unsolvable?
Looking for a proof of a known theorem
What is this type of graph called?
Picross and Fibonacci
The probability that no one wins the $800 million jackpot is 12.83%
Are there any theorems that affirm existence of a kind of object, but for which we absolutely cannot find an example?
Can the formula to calculate interest be used to calculate inflation in the future?
Visualizing Quaternions
general questions about deratives
Art of the Problem Episode 3: What is Computer Science is now live!
Is there any way to find the max period length of a decimal fraction represented in binary?
Math question I need help and guidance with.
Need a little help on a super simple probability question
[GEOMETRY] Algorithm to determine whether a polygon covers the origin
Simple Questions
Tap dancing and Mathematics?
What is the best geometry textbook I can find online?
Question for 3rd/4th year undergrads: Final exam vs presentation
How do you denote a function that isnt in respect with any variable?
Does anyone know a good resource to learn about Real Analysis?
Question Regarding Undergraduate Mathematics Programs
How to Write a 21st Century Proof
Best course/book to self-study differential equations?
Do politicians understand averages?
Climbing up stairs problem
Hey guys. I've got a little math problem here. Can you help me find the area of this thing?
My YouTube channel on Python tutorials (specialized in Data Science)
Some encouragement from George Polya
Puzzle: Find an eloquent solution to prove that the angle between 3 and 7 is a right angle.
If mathematical Platonism is true, why are there some mathematicians who use the axiom of choice and some who use the axiom of determinacy?
Can anyone figure out this question? I'm stumped
Do mathematical objects exist?
How long would it take to learn a field of math well?
Need help using Maple15 for an assignment due tomorrow.
r/galois a new sub reddit, learn the story about this legendary mathematician
Lie Groups and Lie Algebras Project
Online side jobs for people with math degrees?
Functional analysis vs complex analysis - advice?
Analysis text that heavily covers compactness and completeness
When were zeno's paradoxes on motion solved?
The Moscow Puzzles #227: How Sharp-Witted Are You?
Integrals of motion of Korteweg de Vries equation
Announcement of upcoming mathematics conference in Switzerland
Spherical video editing with Möbius transformations
Simplify! | Math with Bad Drawings
Why would a pipe that goes all the way around the world rise a little over 3 feet above the earths surface if I made it 20 ft too long?
What might knowing more about the farther out #s in Pi mean?
What does /r/math think of this study that says that origami helps train awareness of visuospatial concepts? Does that claim match your experiences? Also, what are some other ways to help improve your raw intuition?
Need some help understanding Euler's theorem
Broad Street School in Bridgeton names top students
Question on logarithmic math...
Simple statistics question, please help!
Is it bad to be this dedicated to Math?
Calculate angle based on diffrence in time of arrival in 2-4 microphones?
Is there anything more satisfying than when an equation finally makes sense?
Have there been any attempts to make better and more versatile math notation?
Resources for Learning Complex Analysis?
How can your odds for the power ball decrease as more people start to play?
What are some of your favorite books on mathematics?
Best textbook for reteaching myself calculus and calc based physics?
Quantum proposition evaluator?
Given a topological manifold, do we care about distinct differentiable structures which are nevertheless diffeomorphic?
[Proof] Cannot figure out how this proof is specific enough not to break basic algebra
Simulation of local deformations of a Schwarz's P-surface?
Why does subtracting a "reversed" number by itself seem to always be a multiple of 9?
Help Please! Discrete Infinite, Continuous, Finite
What exactly are the points that Feynman is trying to make in this video?
What are these equations called, when you are trying to solve for x?
49th Mersenne Prime Found (M74207281)
Was reading about the Powerball. The first paragraph doesn't seem correct to me. Is it?
Sequences: The Method of Common Differences
Intriguing problem about string wrapped around cylinder - the solution is beautiful
An NFL player was just accepted to the math PhD program at MIT
Zeno's Paradox and 3
You know the dragon curve? I was feeling artsy.
How do I easily solve 10 simultaneous equations with 10 unknowns?
How do you distribute 23*85?
Algebra 2 math homework help!!!!
Ways to identify the value of convergent sequences?
What is that thing that keeps showing in papers on different fields?
Proving there is an infinite number of irrational numbers between 2 rational numbers?
What do you guys think of MIT Open Courseware's courses on Differential Equations and Linear Algebra?
Could everyone imagine how will the standard math undergraduate curriculum be after 100 or more years?
0 to the power of 0?
ELI B.S.: Topological Fixed Point Theory
What math words have multiple pronunciations and which pronunciation do you prefer?
Powerball Odds: An Imaginary Road Trip
Which regular n-gon can we describe whose vertices are integer co-ordinates on the Cartesian 2D plane?
Job prospects for Master's degree
Desmos generating weird (and interesting) graphs
Counting Legal Positions in Go
"Everything is a function" -- a short, fun essay of mine. Feedback appreciated.
Is this guy right, that the odds in winning the lotto are actually the advertised odds squared?
Taking class on Diff Eq
Wolfram can't solve this beastly algebra equation. Any suggestions for a program that can do it? Way to huge to do by hand.
Modeling Non-Homogenous Poisson Processes
Special notation for
4 Basic Calc/Algebra Questions need solved in next hour.. please help!!!
Maths functions
A cute derivation of Russell's paradox
9th Grade Geometry Project
[Meta] Can we automod out all posts containing the words "Powerball" or "lottery"?
Recommendation for some math read outside of boring school program
Recommendations
Generalized continuum Hypothesis
Is it possible to have a random distribution from negative to positive infinity?
So I found this page on an interesting derivation and motivation of the definitions of the hyperbolic functions.
"Jewish Problems" are a class of math problem that have simple answers - but only if you know the trick. As late as the 1970s, Moscow University was using them on entrance exams only given to Jewish students and other "undesirables". : EverythingScience
CBSE Sample Papers
You decide: What is the most beautiful equation?
Can you guys help me figure this out? I don't know what the E looking thing is. Thank you.
What the hell is "that thing" that keeps showing in different fields?
Does anyone know how to work out this system, if not do you know the topic?
Maths Teacher/Tutors/Lecturers, what question by a student has surprised you most?
Now that we found the largest Prime, do we know ALL the Prime Numbers of lesser value?
Math Help multiply with exponents. (College Math)
Need help on formulating an Extended essay question
I need Geometry Help...
Homework Help: Need to solve equations for x
Can you explain linear equations??
I am in debt and having trouble figuring out how long it will take to pay it off.
Best Number theory department in your opinion?
Will Pugh's book give me a good enough analysis background for Tu's manifolds book?
advice on algebraic geometry
Is Pi/e irrational?
If I am randomly selecting characters from four alphabets each with 100 symbols, how long, on average does it take so that each symbol is seen once? ( see details)
Max possible volume of a zipper bag with given dimensions
Type checking on the expectation function
How does Stephen Hawking do math if he's paralyzed?
Orbiting balls of different frequencies. (interactive)
If I wanted to turn one dollar into a million dollars by gambling, what method would give me the best odds? State lotto gives horrible odds because they keep 50% of the ticket revenue. Would betting on baccarat about 20 times in row and letting it ride give me the best odds?
Is an infinite continious line a fractal?
Good programme for polynomial regression?
Here’s $100. Can you win $800 million at Powerball?
[Probability][Word problem] Am I missing something here?
Please help me with this.
I'm no math major but this first part doesn't seem right to me. Is it?
Say a fraction x/y is approximately 2.4 with deviation ε&lt;0.1 . If a,b&lt;100, what should a and b be?
I want half. What is the minimal diameter 1 point cloud with volume &gt; 1/2?
A simple question about vectors
Can someone help me with these 3 problems ?
Real Analysis learning material suggestions?
[Combinatorics] The expected "length" of an n-tuple under certain operations.
Question about continuous state Markov chains.
pi / 0.56049912164 = 5.6049912164. Can anyone explain why?
Is there nothing relating the prime factorisation through addition?
Internships for math majors?
For any arbitrary grid of nxn points where n is odd, prove that you cannot have a graph that is a tour through all the points, has only horizonal or vertical edges that do not meet except at vertices, and starting and ending vertex is same.
Looking for some help on minimum surface's
How do qualifying exams work in graduate school?
Best use of the summer for an undergrad hoping to go to grad school?
Does maths definitively prove that predicting the lottery is impossible?
Question about mathematical probabilities.
Birthday Paradox with a Twist
online tool to get numerical expressions of numbers
Intuition for orthogonality in {0,1}^n?
Can someone please explain this algebraic rule to me? ( can't find online tutorial )
The Obstacles that face Math Graduate Student: A Story of Math Graduate Student who faced these Obstacles
Something I whipped up as I was trying to do my Elementary Number Theory Homework; Sierpinski's Triangle with a twist. It's rather upsetting that I missed a triangle there..
Are there any other Caltrops?
Calculator on android giving wrong answers???
Is it true that most math books has errors or typos in it and most readers don't know about them or not?
Exotic probabilities.
Whats Reddits favourite mathematician
Looking to see if a puzzle I've come up with is "solved"
Economics of Winning the $1.5 Billion Lottery!
The link between Math and Life.
2018 fields medal predictions
I'm looking for resources to help me understand these kinds of problems.
I sometimes temporarily have brain fog and forget motivations to do math. Could someone recommend math-related activities to help me regain motivated to work on math when this happens?
Is anyone else shocked by the number of errors in a typical math textbook?
Why does this graph for prime divisors of integers look so strange? Does this idea have a name?
Is there such thing as an integer with a rational, yet non integer, square root?
Any advice on how to get better at math? Specifically quadratic equations.
Dirichlet series expansion of a function?
Variable length paths through a square grid
Recurring sequence
Reference request for Fourier-Galerkin method (numerical) for pde open source tools/book
First wеb-sеrvice whеre аdult wоman loоking sеeking prоximity shе writе first NО PАYMENTS and оther things!
I'm self-learning number theory. Where can I get some online number theory exercises with solutions (preferably from a university) to practice? Thanks.
[Recreational mathematics] When you can't see the forest for the trees
Is there any job or career where I would need synthetic division? We have been learning it in class and it seems very useless to know in the future.
Babylonians used geometry to track Jupiter 1400 years before Europeans: "Astronomers discovered how to calculate Jupiter’s position with geometry between 350 and 50 BC, predating work of European scholars by 14 centuries"
10 Trillion Digits of Pi Searching Program
My maths is terrible and it would be great if someone could help me..
What is your favorite non-famous open problem?
Need help proving that a family of matrices all have rank n-1.
Trigonometry Question.
Help me with finding an algorithm
How do you figure out combination of a series of number?
What does the Riemann-Stieltjes integral do that the Riemann integral doesn't do? What is the point of adding in this monotonically increasing alpha function?
Surprising equivalent definitions
Does anyone know anything about this idea I thought up?
Calculus 2 after a year since Calc 1
How do mathematicians feel about the ill-defined puzzles in "The Witness"? Do these puzzles set back mathematical thinking?
[soft question] How to read books efficiently
Prime numbers found based on their repeating decimal period
Presentation style problem?
What is the average/assumed knowledge for someone at the frontier of any mathematical field?
Path of study for the typical math degree?
Let's talk topology
This is the World's largest Prime Number known to Mankind
My Mathematics Blog
ELI5: The Monster Group
Mechanics: Resisted motion with gravity, velocity squared
Is there a formula I can use to get the linear footage of the lines in the crosshatch area? More info in comments
Prime numbers and stair counting
Angular and Linear Velocity
Common Integrals
Secret Santa solution with burritos
Little brother asked me for help on algebra, don't know where to begin.
Help understanding ratio/proportion question
How can I evolve the levels of a game in app updates while maintaining the integrity of player progress in some mathematically sound way? Levels may be added, changed, reordered, and/or removed in each update.
Check my math: If ~4 people pooled 100,000 each, they could buy every combination of powerball ticket, and gain almost $250 each.
How hard is it to get a job as a High School Math teacher?
1 Bitcoin=$319.99 www.bisbury.com transfer in 1 minute 0.5 Bitcoin=$169.99 2 Bitcoin=$559.99 4.2 Bitcoin=$1099.98
Help with these pair of equations!
Anyone use Linear Algebra with Applications by Otto Bretscher? Wondering how to approach it...
Looking for Polymath Projects for varying levels of mathematics students on Brilliant. Any Ideas?
Polignac's conjecture + Goldbach's conjecture
Functions that agree locally at a point have identical directional derivatives there
What tools do you use for organizing, reading, and annotating research papers?
Divisors of binomial coefficients
Math has really run out of symbols for things
Rubik's cube can be realized as a semi-direct product between its subgroup of orientation and its subgroup of permutations.
Should I take o level add maths?
Given a set of evenly-spaced discrete values of an unknown function, is there a method to determine how accurately the function is represented?
Complex Analysis Textbooks
Understanding manifolds, differential forms, and the generalized Stokes' theorem?
Why is the derivative of f(x,y) with respect to a parameter t the sum of the partials of f and theit chain rule factors?
Can the infinite binary tree be planarly embedded into a bounded set of the plane?
What are the pros and cons of taking a Rings-before-Groups approach to Abstract Algebra?
A Concept in Classical Fourier Analysis and its similarity to Compressed Sensing.
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee! OK!
Shapes and Hook Numbers - Numberphile
Isosceles Trapezoid area problem ?
How would you encode thousands of integers in range 0-255?
What should I know in order to take differential calculus?
So these are the classes I'm taking in college :
Why Nicky Morgan is wrong to make kids learn 12 times tables
Help on math problem!
Why is -2^4 equal to -(2^4) instead of (-2)^4 ?
Probability math / 20€ to charity if we get this shit done
math studying help?
fuccgirl where you at?
Need help calculating economies of scale
Moving ratios to an 100-point scale
Beginning Calculus, textbook recommendations?
Class 10 maths NCERT solutions
Integrals of motion for 1-dimensional Korteweg-de Vries equation
Are there any good places to learn more advanced math, for free?
How do I prove that all numbers form (2^6n -1) are a multiple of 9
What does identify mean in topology/geometry?
A question about fractional powers
Question on mapping and manifolds
Vocabulary word needed please.
Web Calculator that supports shortenings?
[Question] What, fundamentally, is going on for these equations to be equal?
Where to go for more info/help with Discrete Mathematics?
Math number 82000
If someone has twice as much money than me is that 200% or 100% more?
I made this Apollonian gasket-inspired rose apple pie for a π-Day baking competition last year.
Interview with mathematician John Horton Conway - "I walked around after discovering the surreal numbers in a sort of permanent daydream, in danger of being run over."
A breakthrough in the mathematical understanding of Einstein's equations
In how many ways can the product of n rolls of a fair six-sided die yield a perfect square?
Calculating 52! by hand
Machine learning for LaTeX symbol recognition
Is there a name for this coin flip betting strategy?
found this on a Turkish 10 lira banknote - can anyone explain what this means / what is the significance of this?
How do you know which formulas to use in probabilities?
How dedicated should I be to Math?
Can | (x+a)^n = y+a | be solved for a?
Is it worth it to take these courses or are there better ressources ?
ELI B.S.: Topological Fixed Point Theory
Linear Algebra: What are the specific topics you need to know to learn linear algebra?
I got some interesting results compiling empirical data on this probability game. Can anyone explain the results?
Resources for younger kids who need to be challenged
What does it mean to say that the empty set is an open set?
Question about improper integration with odd functions.
Just got my Master's degree in Web Marketing... and I'm completely lost. What I want to do requires... Maths?
If you know the distances between points A,B,C, and D and the distances between A,B,C, and E can you find the distance from D to E?
University of Greenwich Conference (London)
What am I in for?
Largest known prime - but differently
Why do we use a colon to separate numbers when talking about ratio?
Just looking for some advise / suggestions.
(Linear algebra) linear transformation with respect to 2 bases
1672 Staffelwaltz Leibniz Calculator
Some help with a summation problem
R.I.P Abbas Bahri, a Tunisian Mathematician and the inventor of the critical points at infinity in the variational calculus.
Mathematicians invent new way to slice pizza into exotic shapes
My mom can beat your mom at scrabble, with math. [I've never posted to /r/math before, please don't hurt me]
Can someone help with solving a system of three equations only in terms of variables?
So these are the classes I'm taking in college :
Did the Incompleteness Theorems come out of nowhere?
I need your help /r/math
do you think there will be another achievement in mathematical logic that is groundbreaking as Godel's Incompleteness Theorems
Harmonic Cancellation and Fourier Help plz!!
I need a quick question to be solved here :)
How would you recommend I make a graph of a control system with only positive feedback? I'm making a video and want to demonstrate that only positive feedback leads to chaos.
Nightmare of Precalculus
Is there anything to be gained by "proving" to people that 0.999...=1 ?
What should a casual lover of mathematics read?
How to handle confusing notation in differential geometry.
Generating an unusual basis
I found this group that has an unsolvable word problem. How do I do computations with it?
For those of you who went to grad school, what interview questions did they ask you?
Possible lead for insights about the Collatz Conjecture (3n+1) - delta between numbers with a consecutive steps’ signature.
Treasure hunt math
How many turns does it take on average until this game ends?
9, you crazy bastard.
Does this function work for "flipping" a number?
Why should I care about a new largest prime number and do prime numbers have any real life application?
Learned something neat today on Facebook
A professor at my university confirms Illuminati is real
Maths study shows conspiracies 'prone to unravelling'
Guesstimate, a Spreadsheet for Things That Aren’t Certain
Questions about Pugh (aiming to read Tu's manifolds book next)
Linear Algebra
New largest prime number found at 22.3 million digits
Researchers try mathematical recipe for slicing pizza
How to decimal to Octal?(school stuffs)
Help needed with math problems / 20€ to charity if we get this shit done
high achiever here
R is not denumerable
Problems with notation
The volume model of digits allows us to make statements about the last digit of e, which has 0 volume so is neither dark nor bright
Applied Math Major question
Confused about Induction terminology
Help turning a matrix into REF
Non-academic math careers with lightest programming requirements
Distance at which circles will touch diagonally?
Some thoughts on holomorphic functions.
Are Mathematica, Wolfram Alpha, MATLAB, etc. worth it?
Looking for help to understand signal representations, time vs frequency, and the Fourier transform
Is there any unsolvable game?
Optimal Packing of Cars
Any calculators that can do this?
Why do we prefer uniform random numbers?
Chapter/Section interdependence of Dummit &amp; Foote?
Hilbert's Curve, and the usefulness of infinite results in a finite world
Learning Math is Possible &amp;#8211; 5 Ways to Get Better at Mathematics
Complete Graph on 64 Vertices (Zoom-able)
A new (free) and intuitive calculator! It can do math, physics etc etc (saw it on another sub)
MATHEMATICAL READING LIST
Maths is really demotivating me and making me feel really down in school... help
Can you solve this?
Alternative Outcomes?
On Some Proofs of Why Straight People Can't Have Kids
Surprisingly good approximations: (2143/22)^(1/4) ~= Pi, (133/18)^(1/2) ~= e
What little math tricks do you like to use/overuse when solving problems?
Branching problem
Why are certain properties so unpredictable when moving to higher dimensions?
Casino and the house edge, law of large numbers and bad luck
Math's Google Drive / Evernote - (need feedback)
How to distinguish the two types of "completeness" in logic?
Interesting ways to calculate Pi?
Simple Questions
Changing cardinality
Is this puzzle I've come up with easily solved by an algorithm?
Difficulty of proofs through history
Help With Sequences
Optimizing Monotonic Function with Convex Constraint Region - thoughts?
How a Mathematical Superstition Stultified Algebra for Over a Thousand Years
A pretty cool site - Blog about interesting math stuff
Saw the most recent Republican presidential poll standings and compulsively sought a trend line.
anyone decent at math?
[Probability] Is there such thing as a geometric law with p varying from one trial to another ?
Current research/developments in Logic and Foundations?
Strategy in the game show "The Chase"
Could we get some flair for students?
Is it possible for something to be more than certain (i.e. P(E)&gt;1)?
Career and Education Questions
How are the cardinal numbers defined?
Tips on presenting?
This is why the American public education system scares me
Presidents, Nazis, the Boxer Rebellion, the NSA, and Gerrymandering all on the new episode of Relatively Prime - Mathematistan
Η νύφη το έσκασε γιατί ο γαμπρός δεν ήξερε ... Μαθηματικά !!!
I've just begun studying Field Theory. What are some interesting Fields you know?
Fantastic Quaternions - Numberphile
Can anybody tell me the intuition behind why the partial derivative df/dy in Picard's Theorem guarantees uniqueness?
How do I find the function of the differences between the numbers in another function.
Help with finding out our roommate assignments. What is the most likely grouping?
Really dumb question regarding growth rates and adding them. I'm having a brain fart
How to recover for grad school
I hate online math homework!!!
Math to Study Before Time Series
If Earth were my eye, how big would an atom be?
What is the probability that one team wins a best-out-of-five match?
How do I calculate adding a penny everyday for a year?
Does (-2)^2 = 4?
An implication of complex-differentiability on the existence of antiderivatives?
[question] Lattices and order preserving maps
What does Zeilberger mean by "symbolic N" and why is it better than using universal quantifiers?
VTRMC 2013: Computing the set of integers of the form (x^2 + y^2)/(u^2 + v^2).
User Engagement Algorithm
If you have finite special points on the real plane, it is easy to determine, for any other point, which is the nearest special point. From this you can color the plane. How would you take this colored plane and determine the location of the special points? (IE an inverse function)
What does an irrational number as an exponent really mean?
2d curl, div and complex derivative
Recommendations for beginner Mac LaTeX editor?
Is there a mathematical symbol that adds the previous numbers down to 0? Example in comments
Is there an optimal strategy to the following football-themed puzzle?
Selecting a volunteer from the audience of a magician's show
How do you prove that the solution to x^x^x = 2 is irrational? Or more generally the solution to x^x^...^x^x = 2 (for arbitrary high but finite towers of x)?
Do you know of any applications or generalisations of Pick's Theorem?
Which piece of maths software was this?
S-Curve function
Requisite Knowledge to Understand Homomorphic Encryption?
Formalising the relationship between linear and angular dynamics
Math Genius World Records honoured with Math Genius Award to Shanmughasu...
Reinventing the Wheel (Math Joke)
What variant of exponential smoothing is used in the VEGAS numerical integration algorithm?
Happy new year!
The first recorded zero found on a stone tablet deep in the middle of the Cambodian jungle
[math] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:aaiattt
Why is the Axiom of Infinity necessary?
Guess the Correlation
Determining the equation for the alt/az of the sun using given data
How hard is it to get a job as a High School Math teacher?
For a career in Data Science what should I focus on learning more Statistics or Optimization?
Looking for a series of lectures online about quantum mechanics similar in style to the general relativity lectures taught by Professor Schuller.
Please forgive me as I don't know where else to ask this question... Can somebody help me figure this out?
I'm currently taking differential equations and something I'm struggling with is linear vs. non linear differential equations. Anyone have an easy explanation?
Interactive Algebraic Expressions (x-post to matheducation)
Help. I have an exam coming and need to solve this: Sqrt(27-10sqrt(2))
If the probability of X is 1/100, then what are the chances that X will happen given 100 tries?
Please confirm: In modular arithmetic, if [x]=[y], does [x^n]=[y^n]?
Question about compactness (regarding open sets and partitions)
Beating a deterministic AI
[META] Can we talk about how /r/math treats questions which are seen as "too simplistic"?
[PDF] Old, but good: Bill Thurston on the role of proofs and communication in mathematics
What are some math results that seem completely theoretical and useless but actually have a concrete application, maybe even in a totally different field?
Feynman’s Derivation of the Schrödinger Equation
I beg to differ
What do you think about my bookshelf decoration? Any other identity that could go there?
Is there any simple way to solve something like this?
How can I learn to use math for problem solving? High school junior in precalc.
Mathematicians,what makes the Pythagorean series stop?If we multiply through a,c and b by c we get c^3,but can we rearrange a and b to give other powers?
Need help estimating roof square footage from google maps measuring tool.
[Help] Need help calculating Area on some stuff
Homework help: Applications of probability
Is it bad to be this dedicated to Math?
Type checking the Expectation function
Significance of a perfect cuboid?
“It is easy to arrange 16 checkers in 10 rows of 4 checkers each, but harder to arrange 9 checkers in 6 rows of 3 checkers each. Do both“ How would you solve this mathematically?
Writing my first math paper, have a question about putting results from a program I wrote in the paper
A topology textbook for engineers?
What does slope equation 'm' returns radians or gradians
practising imo papers
It's true that you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover - but has anyone ever actually seen a math textbook with an attractive cover?
Why do we teach multiplying polynomials to high school students?
A Math Dictionary?
Bayesian average
Check out my new math quiz app, Quizick (iOS, free and no ads)
How they found the World's Biggest Prime Number - Numberphile
