misandry in google search results on men's rights
The Problem with Perpetration
According to feminists, he's probably telling the truth since only like 2% of DV claims are false.
The London councillor who tried banning homelessness and fining homeless sleepers over $2000 in a council where 95% of the homeless are white males is a feminist.
Why feminism is a dangerous ideology.
If we're going to complain about sperm donation restrictions, we should probably be looking at this.
Amber Amour, the woman who reported her alleged rape via Twitter, to be interviewed on BBC Radio 5 after 10.30pm tonight.
Keyboard Warrior (Part 9)
Privilege: Are you entitiled to it?
Do you have more links with stories about Domestic Violence against men?
The FT repeats the normal 'women in boardrooms' 'wage gap' crap... worth boycotting?
The striking power of poverty to turn young boys into jobless men
Sorry, activists, another flawed survey doesn't prove rape culture
Video of classic manipulator who uses the family courts to punish ex-spouse. Bonus MIL appearance. (x-post /PublicFreakout)
Woman who accused high-flying Durham student of rape tried to drop her false claim - but was told 'It's out of your hands'. The astonishing revelation heaps further pressure on police and prosecutors who have come under fire over their handling of the case.
Someone posts a video about how men's abuse reports aren't taken seriously and men's suicide statistics, girl tries to make about women.
Chronic Indifference at Veterans Affairs
Is it sexist against men? Apparently nothing is and "lol male tears", even though they list shit men experience, women don't or are nonexistent. Feminists once again remind us why we don't need feminism - from The Guardian and First Dog on the Moon
In terms of US domestic abuse, 84% of relationships are non-violent. Of the remaining 16% which are violent, 58% both partners are violent. In 28% of violent relationships, only the woman is violent. In 14% of violent relationships, only the man is violent.
Judge throws out case of man suing a woman for tricking him into fatherhood
Pretty Girls Get Higher Grades and Life’s Unfair
B.C. men-only charity group draws criticism
I think this sums up a lot of problems very well.
Youtuber "Undoomed" applies logic to another misguided feminist...
Anyone else get tired of being compared to animals?
Georgia Tech reinstates male expelled for rape following lawsuit – but not without getting snippy
How male victims of domestic abuse often end up getting arrested themselves
Ecstatic feminist burning men's rights books, just like the nazis were doing in WW2
19 year old and completely bald. It's unfair.
Thank god there are still some intelligent young women like this left to take on the crazies attacking men. Hilarious story about a crazy SJW.
Tax credits Cuts Gov.UK
Gender Equality in Science Will Require a Culture Shift (Microagressions are causing women to drop out of science. No mention of male dropout rate.)
Score: Men 0; Transgenders 99 It amazes me how &lt;1% of the population gets its way on everything while 50% gets nothing but mockery.
A woman married 25 years who quickly divorced her husband without telling him she had just won the lottery was forced to pay him all of her winnings [x-post /r/TodayILearned]
What’s Wrong With ‘Equality’?
Camille Paglia: Hillary’s “blame-men-first” feminism may prove costly in 2016.
Man Kills His Date After She, Inspired By Twitter "#WasteHisTime2016" Trend, Wasted His Time
Youtuber Matthew Santoro speaks up about his experience with an abusive relastionship
Why do female cosplayers wear skimpy clothing?
[Request] false rape claim statistics
Sexual Harassment in Public, Guys vs Girls
Cologne-style sex attacks 'happen weekly in Birmingham': Labour MP Jess Phillips says women are 'baited and heckled' every weekend in the city centre
It smells like mens perfume cologne fragrance type body oils.
zero US, UK &amp; Swiss gender pay gaps for single women
Proving your ex has a new partner is easier under new New Jersey alimony law
When being a White Knight backfires
Lawmakers blast university's treatment of accused students
Toronto man found not guilty in Twitter harassment trial widely viewed as a Canadian first
Celebrating Masculinity Everywhere
Most Victims Are Men: 5 Realities Of Rape In The Military
Labour MP, Jess Phillips, faces calls to resign after comparing Cologne attacks to Birmingham night out Local residents and business owners are incensed at the irresponsible, highly inaccurate and misleading' remarks.
Mothers are punished less than fathers for violence against their children. An investigative report of Norwegian court cases [Google Translate]
Nice interview about mens rights and feminism done by dating company
Female thor was one thing, but this?! Marvel's officially lost me forever as a fan.
Feminist New Year's Resolutions: Stop Shaving Your Legs and Start Falsely Accusing Some Man of Rape
Abusive mother? Automatically assume it's because there must be a man behind the scenes who abuses her.
MGMN Hangout: War, Peace &amp; Islamophobia in the MHRM. Featuring an Iraqi War Veteran.
"Put gender ahead of party loyalty, FG councillor tells voters" (Ireland). Sub-heading: "Fine Gael candidate says women should back female candidates in other parties where FG fields a male-only ticket" Fine Gael=Irish political party
Make it a criminal offence for a mother to deny a father contact with his child
Feminists laugh on Twitter about rape committed under threat of death buy gun shooting
[history] Men’s Rights Convention of 1851
Everything is offensive, because of patriarchy and toxic male privilege
Belarus only executes males. "No woman may be executed in Belarus".
Peak Fake Rape
Posters, Polls, and Police and Crime Commissioners
University of Findlay sued after expelling two men for consensual sexual encounter
Words can't even describe how it feels when you save the life of another man who's gone through hard times
Flow chart that explains rape. Think this might be good as a reaction sometimes.
#MoreWomen campaign photoshops men out of pictures of world leaders. Would be awesome if someone did the same for prisons, homeless, teachers, etc etc.
Woman chooses to sit on her boyfriend's toilet for 2 years and doesn't want to leave. The boyfriend is being investigated for mistreatment.
Is feminism really dying? By Karen Straughan
A bit refreshing to see someone a non-nazi mod in a female subreddit.
What Men Give - Chernobyl:Counting Lives
Oregon State University Wants You To Check Your Privilege
I wonder if the reason Alan Rickman's types of cancer isn't public because he died of prostate cancer and feminist media suppresses it.
A Woman's Ability to Reduce Rape Probability (Help:Argument)
Advocate for a IPV victim to approach their employer for help and employment security
Thread in r/Toronto on Men's Rights shows that the tide is turning
How to deal with Muslim Men in Europe?
clementineford.com Launches, Clementine Ford Fulminates
Adult woman who pretended to be 15 so she could groom boys as young as 10 is called a "sexual danger to children" but spared jail
Is feminism really dying?
Feminism: Enemy of Liberty?
The Fiamengo File Season 2: Female White Knights
Imagine this girl was a guy..
Youtube Livechat: RooshV and Paul Elam discuss the relationship between MRA's and NeoMasculinists.
Who would have thought that someone declaring swedish foreign politics "feminist", could be involved in something illegal?
These Men's Rights Activists Are Suing Women for Meeting Without Men | Mother Jones
The Rise Of The Professional Victim
xpost from best of reddit. Talking about mens rights.
Claim: College tells suicidal male student accused of sexual assault he can't have counseling--because his accuser was using those resources
N. O. W. Still Believes Jackie
I’m Not a Feminist—Even Though I Attend a Women’s College
Vermont Alimony Reform movement launched
Guilt by Narration: Emma Sulkowicz as a Social Inflection Point for Fake Rape
45 Things Women Want But May Never Ask.
Op-ed claims: Don't blame immigrants for sex assaults, blame men
Sh*t Social Justice Warriors (SJWs) Say To People On The Alt Right
Sexism in the way men and women are allowed to interact in interviews
MSi College - Giving Men The Upper Hand In Life
"Is There a Link Between Male Bonding and Sexual Violence?"
Feminist on Cologne sex attacks: #notallmen
Jimmy kimmel: The Fact Checking Awakens (MRA EDN)
Paternity leave: how the UK compares with the rest of the world.
[MensRights] My name is Julie! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Tales from the Infrared - 2015 in review from AFVM
Female-Dominated Societies Are Violent, Say Anthropologists
Modern society in a nutshell
'What the hell is wrong with today's college women?'
And they want equal rights...
How feminists exploit men through guilt
German articel (link to Google Translate) why after feminism women need a totalitarian state. It's about real rape from refugees in Norway. There are no men who protect girls because all are disposed.
My ex-wife is moving to the country and brainwashing my children
Brother, listen
Muslim rape culture? An alternate theory
Dad domestic violence victim fears courts being used as a weapon. (please support the petition linked in article)
Gregory Alan Elliot acquitted. Honey Badgers summarise case [@54:13], report courtroom proceedings [@1h13:17], and comment on implications
Apparently asking accusers to testify in court is a bad thing. Whoda thunk it!
Parts of Britain where more men are killed by women in domestic violence
Court Sets New Precedent By Ruling Against Woman Who Used Facebook Tagging To Harass Her Ex's Family
oh now they are concerned about false accusations
Twitter is censoring anti-SJW hashtags, it's time to trend #TwitterCensorship
Sarah Palin Unloads After Father of Bristol’s Baby Sues for Child Support. Guess it's not ok for men to request support when the woman is the breadwinner.
Counterintuitive Victim Behavior Expert Dr. Veronique Valliere Becomes Defense Witness
Ashe Show and Milo Yiannopoulos on consent: Asking permission is the biggest turn off ever.
Proof of discrimination against women for economics professorships. Thoughts?
Should a male politician be allowed to take paternity leave?
Feminism Summed Up
A MUST-USE site against feminist myths and Men's Rights
HuffPo tries to deflect the massive backlash of their '48 Things Women Hear In Their Lifetime (That Men Just Dont)' video with '48 Things Men Hear In Their Lifetime (That Are Bad For Everyone) - This time claiming sexism against men is because of misogyny against WOMEN. This is absolutely pathetic.
Angry Feminists Get Richard Dawkins Disinvited from Skeptics' Conference
World's worst political cartoonist takes another dig at men. At the GaGa. Where else.
"If we use proof in rape cases, we fall into the patterns of rape deniers.
Another double standard makes light of violence against men
Young Men Giving up on Marriage: ‘Women Aren’t Women Anymore’ By Hilary White, LIfe Site News On January 8, 2016
[MensRights] There is a wish s*x now? Join Now - it's free!
Triplett Pleads Not Guilty to UC Santa Cruz Rape Hoax Against Men- Women Nowadays
End of the vasectomy? New implant allows men to turn their fertility on and off with the flick of a switch (inside the scrotum)
"Men Not to Fuck in 2k16" Isn't this little tumblrina a huge ray of sunshine?
"LONDON girl has just accused me of raping her, what should I do??" Xpost/legaladvice
Karen exposes the secrets how women manipulate men
I wish this were hyperbole, I truly do: A male victim of a false rape accusation who was dragged through two trials before the woman admitted to lying is required to give police 24 hours notice before he has sex.
"All men are potential rapists" Hamburg's Greens Deputy Michael Gwosdz makes the statement on the attacks in New Year's Eve for storm of protest. Several criminal charges are to be received. Now he responded via Facebook.
Misogynistic Wheelchair
teacher charged with grooming
If you care about our sons, do not vote for Marco Rubio
Tell me about the state of gender relations in 2056.
Rape accusation statistics?
[Xpost - KIA] Tweets central to prosecution's case against Gregory Alan Elliott may have come from fake twitter account...
Mother makes obvious attempt to extort money from father. Feminist media all to happy to help.
Make survivors of domestic violence?
She chose not to take Morning after pill.
Being refused referral to Urologist. Am I being unfair or discriminated?
Babysitter Who Had Sex With Boys Avoids Jail
Kelly Battye with no cab fare money cuts driver's face with wine glass
Man Code 2.0 - a podcast about men's issues
Gregory Alan Elliott Found Not Guilty In Twitter Harassment Case
Why aren't we doing more to stop men dying of cancer?
Toronto man found not guilty in Twitter harassment trial widely viewed as a Canadian first
When Women's Protection Laws end up doing more harm than good - India News Analysis Opinions on Niti Central
Mankind Initiative Helpline for Male Victims of Domestic Violence Needs Donations
The second International Conference on Men’s Issues – ICMI16 – will be held over 8-10 July, 2016, at ExCeL London
Even vs a convicted sex offender BF, Dad's losing kids to Mom
Women more violent than men: new study shows that from 1480 to 1913, European queens waged wars 27% more frequently than kings
Social justice warriors angry with Chris Gayle for flirting with a reporter should remember Maria Sharapova did it first
Female stalker get 6 months
Man ordered to tell police if he plans to have sex, even though he was acquitted at retrial
A photographer takes boudoir photos of men facebook takes them down.
1992 An MRA, PUA and Feminist Walk into NBC's talk show with a Female Audience
Another young mind testifies to being a "Born Again Anti-Feminist"
Are You Guilty of “Virtue-Signaling?” Dissecting Cultural Marxism.
When female privilege backfires... Karen Straughan takes on the Islamophobes.
Male Suicide / Feminization of Mental Health- Blaire White.
Gender gap in UK degree subjects doubles in eight years, Ucas study finds (title omits that the gender gap favors women now)
Single dad syndrome - and how you can conquer it. Bringing up two boys, being lonely.
Bill Cosby's Lawyer Addresses Rape Allegations
This! This is why women get less severe punishments in the legal system!
Why have they even mentioned a man.
Simple rebuttal to the idiotic "white men (WM) can't experience racism or sexism" argument.
Not guilty: Lauren Southern analyzes the Gregory Alan Elliott verdict
TMZ - Airplane!/Loveboat Star Jill Whelan Asking Court for Spousal Support --&gt; Hubby makes $126K/yr.
Can you spot the feminist
Feminist fatacceptance in a nutshell
Krystal Harvey was convicted of raping her 1 year old son and selling the footage online in order to buy a laptop, but was spared jail and instead given house arrest and community service. A petition to jail her is nearing its goal of 3000 signatures
Why is adultery not illegal
Feminism and Social Androgyny
Sexism in tech or why there can't possibly be any other reason there aren't more women in tech.
i feel powerless [female to male abuse]
Harrison Bergeron
So.. a strong willed 'Feminist' punched me, during a debate about domestic violence..
The father of a consensual child is liable for child support, but the father of a non-consensual child (other than sexual assault on the female) should not be liable for child support
My Letter in Support of Due Process to Rep. Ehrhart
"Falsely accused of sexual assault at 15."
The actions of moderate or "true" feminists, not of radicals or crazies, are what put people off of feminism.
I have just found out that, according to some people, Peppa Pig is a feminist TV series. What's your opinion on this?
Is /r/AskReddit brigading /r/MensRights?
“Double-secret probation” has been brought to an end for Georgia Tech Fraternity
Zoey Tur (trans woman) threatens Ben Shapiro, nobody cares. But everyone becomes outraged because of his usage of gender pronouns. The empathy gap in action.
Porn Stars as role models for women
Savage attack by teen gang white knighters - No allegation even needed.
Drama over Getting the Kids Haircuts
and they say chivalry is dead
University Refuses to Recognize to Men's Issues Group
Lena Dunham slams media for ‘rabidly sexist’ portrayal of Hillary Clinton
The driver has responded and said they will have to pay and they then turn around and say, 'no, I am not paying, I will tell people you tried to rape me'.
Star Wars: The Mary Sue Awakens - FEMINIST PROPAGANDA!!! *spoilers*
Mrenter does a follow up video on Male rape
So ... the blanket smear of opponents of feminism stays up, but the reasoned rebuttal illustrating why some criticisms of feminism are valid gets axed ... four days later.
Feminazi holocaust - all men must die!
Chris Gayle faces expulsion from Big Bash as officials probe claims he exposed himself to woman
"Grasseaters" &amp; MGTOW: Negative birthrates threaten the future of Japan
Outstanding response to rosie-batty article
No idea what to even think...
University of Michigan study shows that men get + 63% Longer sentences than women for identical crimes in identical situations
Soccer player Craig Foster attacked on social media for having hand on 8 year old daughter's chest!
Sen. Marco Rubio pledges to end Dept. of Education witch hunt against men--COTWA endorses him
Republican senator stands up to Ed. Dept. overreach
The Male Factor - What women in the workplace need to know
Supernatural portrays men as a positive influence for children
Lawyers for U-Va. dean: Jackie lied to Rolling Stone about gang rape, ‘invented’ story zoster news
Picture of a man being told he was innocent, after 40 years spent in prison
Some thoughts on the Bill Cosby situation and the difficulty of verifying rape accusations
‘She’s getting violent': Miami doctor suspended after attack on Uber driver
More gangs of women kidnap men atgunpointand rape them for stealing their semen. To the general society this looks "funny", so no measures are taken
Huffington Post writer publishes an article about a study that found that the flu affects men more, complains that women are no longer the primary victim.
MarketWatch: Why Smart Women May Threaten Your Manhood
What can we do to change the nowadays reality of most Hollywood movies, in which hundreds of men are murdered like they don't matter, while making a woman sad is the dramatic peak of the movie (examples: Game of Thrones, Fury, Kill Bill, etc)
Breaking News - feminist researchers discover 'manspreading' caused by unidentified biological growths between mens legs, possibly parasitic. Further research required.
I heard that the women from Europe were absolutely screaming-in-fear for men to protect them from the Muslim refugee hoards beating and raping them...
Fifty years ago, black men got arrested for whistling at white women. Now, all men get arrested for looking at any women.
Massive backlash as Planned Parenthood endorses Hillary Clinton
Studies on gender bias in the family court
International Conference on Men's Issues - Assessing interest in live streaming
Help; what is a good response or info against the argument the reason female suicide is lower is because they are more likely to take pills (and fail) whereas men are more practical and use methods like strangulation?
I'm writing a 1500 word essay for my final project in Social Justice class. I chose to do gender inequality in the justice system
Zsa Zsa Gabor - Assaults police officer *for the second time* after she is caught driving an unregistered car with no licence and an open alcohol container - Receives 3 days in jail and a $2000 fine.
Society for Cutting Up Men, SCUM
Confused feminist Charlotte Proudman asserts that "men live and work in a brutal society [...] a repugnant world"... and women shouldn't have to enter that brutal repugnant world, because that would be horrible. Yet women are the oppressed ones...
Mother has ex-husband arrested for confiscating his daughter's iPhone
It's not quite TRP, but I think a lot of white knights (I'm guessing they read this sub) would benefit from learning what this article has to say about boundaries.
Are men not "preyed" upon online?
Male domestic violence deaths become focus in Cornwall
Seattle Sounders Marco Pappa stabbed in incident with Miss Washington USA
UK Guardian: False accusations of rape are simply "mistakes"; men who are falsely accused of sex crimes are "heroes" and not victims of a crime; false accusers are "good guys"; being falsely accused of rape is simply "unpleasant".
The Hard truth about the "male privilege"
Muslim Rape Gangs Attack Women, and Feminists Won’t Say a Word About It
Messed Up Hardship Situations as Cataloged by Vermont Alimony Reform
Seriously, what the fuck? Men going through Chemo get nothing?
This sums up just about every conversation with a feminist
Senate committee ejects speaker for outburst over divorce bill...“you’ve got time to listen to all kinds of bullshit, but you don’t have time to listen to mothers.”
The people speak: Feminist journalist hears but won’t listen (Australia)
Star Wars &amp; Feminism: EXPLAINED
Swedish minister says bringing back conscription could help in refugee crisis. "I am among those who welcome a modernised, gender-equal version of conscription, with both military and civilian components,"
Sokol 2.0 the redux?
Just wanted to give a shout out to Family Law Reform Inc. They're trying to help level the playing field w alimony down in FLA.
Woman murders her husband by shooting him in his heart. She defends herself by claiming that he "verbally abused" her. But the judge makes justice, in this UpliftingNews
The hard truth about feminism and the double standards against men
Two tumblrinas, are taught a lesson about the racist history of false rape accusations.
I teach my son to respect women by making him buy me dinner
White House wants companies to submit pay data to close gender gap
Why are men ugly violent savages when compared to women?
It's wonderful to build young girls' self esteem... but where are the chubby Ken Dolls or the short Beach Steve to keep women from exclusively seeking tall guys with washboard abs from an early age? Bit of a double standard...
Well colour me surprised. A gender equality commissioner bringing up the fact that, in addition to being a violation of the girls right, a "Virgin Scholarship" also discriminates against boys.
Poll: Sanders basically face-fucking Hillary in New Hampshire
Mel McLaughlin slammed on social media for double standards
Starting a Group - Male Champions of Change (interesting tactic?)
‘Catfishing’ over love interest might have spurred U-Va. gang-rape debacle
When gender hatred is funny: analysis of how we live in a misandric society
"All men are potential rapists" Hamburg's Greens Deputy Michael Gwosdz makes the statement on the attacks in New Year's Eve for storm of protest. Several criminal charges are to be received. Now he responded via Facebook.
Feminism has a dark side says Cosmopolitan editor Linda Kelsey
This organisation keeps making events which aim to give a platform for women, people of colour, non-binary, trans, genderqueer, queer, disabled, working class people and other people with marginalized identities. Aka Those with a white penis need not apply.
Click, Bang! Podcast - Modern Feminism Is A Disaster For Women
DEAR FEMINISTS - Nicole Arbour
Taxi driver suspended and banned from taking children to school after he was reported for kissing and hugging his own DAUGHTERS
How dare MRAs use an equal treatment law to sue for equal treatment.
Feminists both try to deny the existence of mothers abusing their children and blame men for driving those mothers to abuse their children
A NOW Action Alert from the 90's claimed that men who seek equal custody in court are "batterers" --&gt; Remember these alerts get circulated to many burocrats and elected officials in positions of power
Found at my college: "The Real Guide to Rape Prevention"
theFIRE.org abandons free speech
Feminism And The Manufacture Of A Modern Misogynist
Rantzerker 32: Being rude to women is never okay!- HoneyBadgerRadio
Just a mother teaching her son how women are to be treated.
One simple question
Jessica Valenti Self Proclaimed "Sex Object" Projecting Her Sexual Fantasies on Twitter?
No, there isn’t a link between male bonding and sexual violence
Apple offends feminists
The true rape culture: Women are sexual celebrities surrounded by men who are sexual supplicants.
The ndon councillor who tried banning homelessness and fining homeless sleepers over $2000 in a council where 95% of the homeless are white males is a feminist.
My wife has had me removed through use of a restraining order
1) This week in Social Justice 2) A History of Gynocentrism
Men only think they do as much house work as women.
Shower thought on men preaching feminism in public
A number of news websites publish stories of juveniles being punched and abused by prison staff in the UK, but conceal their gender by calling them "children", "youngsters", "youth", "teens" and "young offenders", despite the fact that all 10 victims were male.
In dystopian Britain, the police now hunt down ‘pre-rapists’
Thunderf00t: Anita Sarkeesian and the BUTTS!
Is this graph right or wrong, and in which way?
Why David Bowie Mattered - An MRA perspective.
Meet Filmaker and men's rights activist, Deepika Narayan Bhardwaj
U.S. marriage rate hits new low and may continue to decline
It's so easy for everyone to "honour" dead men, but what about the ones who survived through hell? Their suicide rate is so high because society ignores the survivors men
The Elephant In The Room - #16Days - Relating To Men
Female pedophile who admitted being attracted to pre-pubescent boys and has numerous convictions for attacking children is found guilty of loitering near young boy and "thinking about what she could do to him", yet is released on bail
Stories Spill Out as Spotlight Is Shined on Sexism in Astronomy (Microagressions are keeping women out of astronomy, apparently)
16 and pregnant star posts on her Facebook about how she makes her 6 year old son take her to dinner, and pay, and basically fill the typical male gender role ideal of a date.
I unfriended her after this
Narrative pushing in the media -Today's media do not represent the people
Unreal: Amy Schumer gets offended by an image of her own making!
Angelo Gage destroyed by Russ Lindquist for insulting "meininists" and MGTOW
Feminist outrage against Australian cricketer Chris Gayle continues to grow as a female reporter comes out to claim he "exposed himself" to her...after she snuck in to the mens locker room and saw his penis through a towel
Cologne attacks: American woman tells how male Syrian refugees rescued her from New Year's Eve sexual assault
Imagine the outrage if a man wrote something like this in response to a woman.
Divorce in the 21st century
What Are We Doing to the Boys?
Women Are Destroying Men on Twitter With #WasteHisTime2016
Feminist Labour Jess Phillips MP Finds Men's Rights Are 'LAUGHABLE'
6 Year old takes his mother out on 'Dates'. Pays for her out of his allowance.
According to Tumblr, men having reproductive rights is totally evil.
New Zealander here, girl attacked me at a party, what are my rights? Can I prosecute?
Free the Nipple event in Australia but no men invited...
I found this on as a category
10 Times Jennifer Lopez’s Boyfriend, Casper Smart, Acted Like Her Assistant
Truthful comics: how feminists destroy every society and culture
Shouldn't there be a women-only land where there's no men and thus no crime and violence?
The Disparity in Sentencing Due to Gender is Larger Than the Disparity Due to Race
Feminist angry that science dispels myth of "manspreading" as micro-aggression
Feminist takes a Dump in Supermarket Freezer
Because a girl "felt" that her father didn't care about her as much as she wished too, she made a detailed plan to destroy his life. And she was successful. And any woman or girl can do it anytime the same. Without any consequence. This makes my blood boil at extreme
Saying Good-Bye To Rosie - Relating To Men
Club bouncer disgustingly abused and violently attacked by woman in Australia and caught entirely on video. Police are apparently still deciding on whether to charge her. Feminist friends are sharing this on their wall with praises for him "not hitting a woman".
California Alimony Reform is Looking for Volunteers for 2016 Signature Petition Drive
Regressive-Left publication Salon calls on Richard Dawkins to delete his Twitter account
Jonathan Taylor: Feminist BS - "Affirmative Consent"
Petition calling for Emma Watson to spend week in migrant camp to show refugees are 'feminists' grows to 7,000 signatures | People | News | The Independent
Mankind Initiative
NCFM member Naomi Evans organizes major PATERNITY FRAUD REFORM RALLY in Olympia, WA Friday January 15th! Be there!
Fake photos flood Internet after alleged sexual assaults in Germany
Canada Ontario's new awareness program
Equality? Men are more keen than women: Survey says 86 per cent want women in their lives to have equal opportunities. Majority of women want to raise family - not be breadwinner.
Woman who beat 4 year old son to death has murder charge dropped after pleading guilty to domestic assault, will serve only 6 months in jail
Woman suffers broken bones and deep cuts after being pinned against tree by car
Gad Saad and Milo in conversation 19th Jan
Steve Shives: "Either You're a Feminist Or A Misogynist!" (A False Dichotomy)
Black male backlash against feminism (all races welcome)
Top 7 manipulative suppression techniques behind "Check your privilege"
New Chinese Marriage Law Protects Men’s Assets, Angers Women
NPR: UAB sociologist Adrienne Milner says male only sports teams need to end because sex segregation promotes inferiority of women, patriarchy, and "like race, [biological] sex isn't real". Women's only "sports spaces" should persist because women shouldn't be forced to play on teams with men.
JudgyBitch will be on 'The Doctors' TV show on Friday, Jan 22nd
Sage Gerard named new COO for AVfM Education, LLC
A 42 year old woman rapes 18 (eighteen!) times different 11 and 12 year old boys. First she gets 5 years, but she complains "she lived a chaotic life", admits that she knew the rapes were wrong, but claims she "couldn’t stop herself and that it was an ego trip". The Result: she walks away free
How Not to Rape 101
Family judge criticised for not naming council that breached father's rights
The UK Government Equalities Office reportedly paid its female employees '7.7%' more than its male employees.
Australian descends into a hysterical feminist meltdown after shocking scenes of a MAN ASKING A WOMAN OUT FOR A DRINK ON LIVE TV!!!
I need your help...
A shelter for men will be opened in Northern Ireland this year due to an increasing amount of reported cases of domestic violence against men.
Glen Poole AMA over at MensLib
"If you're not a feminist then you're a misogynist."
Check (and sign) the petition on fair treatment of all victims of DV in UK. It is informative and worth reading, even if you don't want to sign.
This Woman Is Calling Out Sexist, Hypocritical Men In Exactly The Way They Deserve
John the Other - Stephanie Guthrie is the Future
Our education system has become 'demotivating and counterproductive' for boys
Sweden’s Rape Culture? Checking Sargon’s sources Pt.2
This shit has +68 upvotes on r/feminism. TIL that everyting is sexist.
‘Pick-up artist’ Jeff Allen has his Australian visa cancelled
Matthew Santoro, Nicole Arbor &amp; Domestic Abuse
"The French startup Kallistem has achieved a world first by obtaining complete human spermatozoa in vitro, using tissue specimens collected from infertile men."
Violence is a human trait
"A Gay Girl in Damascus" revealed to be a hoax persona. A straight male rights blogger uses a lesbian sockpuppet in order to be taken more seriously. [xpost documentaries]
WTF Is Wrong With Australia? Athlete Chris Gayle Fined $10,000 for Complimenting Woman
Woman convicted of running a "Baby Fight Club."
Campus Censorship ‘Yes, we should mock these little tyrants who fantasize that their feelings should trump other people’s freedom. But we must go further.’
I couldnt read on after the first two. "An app that allows edits to photos? How misogynist!"
Three Biased Feminazis Gang Up On One Men's Rights Activist
Nice media attention being given to the plight of male refugees facing suspicion and lack of services
Men's Circumcision - Are these right PROS &amp; CONS?
Special Snowflakes: West Indies cricketer Chris Gayle has been fined A$10,000 ($7,200; £4,900) by his club after he asked a TV reporter for a date in a live interview. I hope she will live after this trauma.
www.sarkariresult.work is available for sarkari naukri
Loony Feminist thinks men can't be oppressed and that MRAs don't care about men's rights
My stance on females and feminism
Lesbian couple 'beat one woman's 5-year-old son with a hammer, duct-taped his eyes and kicked him in the groin until he bled and suffered two strokes'.
Men Are More Disinclined to Marry Than Ever - A Reflection on a Serious Problem
What Is Cultural Marxism?
Feminism: So CRAZY that EVERYTHING is sexist! (by Thunderf00t)
Feminist Tumblr Syndrome
The real agenda of Feminism is to spread male hatred
Petition to jail woman convicted of raping her 1 year old son and selling the footage to buy herself a laptop nears goal of 3000 signatures
Do We Live In A Rape Culture?- Liz LaPoint
News describes 36 year-old woman's sexual abuse of young boys as a "steamy threesome"
Feminism (Response to xkcd comic 385)
AVFM's Recent Viral Piece: How feminism succeeded in destroying family relationships
So, the blanket smear against opponents of feminism stays up, but a much more measured post gets taken down ... four days later?
False rape claims currently top post on r/Iama
Feminists hedge their bets.
Isn't the feminization of the education system simply a result of male choice?
Recently strayed away from Feminism. Looking for good books on Men's Rights. Any recommendations?
Keyboard Warrior (Part 8)
The litmus test almost every feminist fails
Wife sets husband's hair on fire during night out
"Male domestic violence deaths become focus in Cornwall" 'Swallow your pride' ""I was totally isolated and totally under her control," he said."
Man is slapped then punched hard by woman first, retaliates and gets a worse charge -- male hits female.
Europe’s tragedy: Too much Angela Merkel, too little masculinity
Arizona governor launches campaign to shame "deadbeat dads" by posting their photos, name, and sum of owed child support to social media with the hashtag #deadbeat
Feminists, who were the ones defending mass immigration and a major reason the Cologne incident was censored, now blame men as a sex for it and are demanding a curfew for all men
#MuslimRapeArmy2016 Jt0 Rips it to shreds...
MEXICO CITY — A new study suggests that Mexico’s drug violence was so bad at its peak that it apparently caused the nation’s male life expectancy to drop by several months.
A transcript of my lovely chat with the Florida Department of Revenue, trying to get information to transfer my child support case from Florida to Texas. They were less than helpful
[republican candidates] - U.S. Code Title 18 § 116 protects girls from genital mutilation. Do you support extending that protection to boys as well?
Manhattan Judge Standup Comedian re Child Support: "I Hope I'm Not Giving Away A Trade Secret!!"
Op-Ed: Shared Parenting a Horrible Idea
The Chickens Coming Home To Roost
The Concentric Rings of Discrimination
Read The Epic Social Justice Warrior Smackdown Going Viral - Milo Yiannopoulos
01-Jan-2016 Why is that female news reader freaking out like that ? "Just like Commander Data"
Two drunk kids have morphed into one survivor and one rapist, based on genitalia.
Men can be feminists as long as they OBEY- Ceara McCord
Andy Bob exposes feminist hatred of gay men in new book
Totally his fault, right? He should've known that she had a long day
Milo kicks off U.S. tour at Rutgers University
Just like to check, am I shadow banned?
Judge decides: "The man falsely accused of rape has suffered humiliation, distress and misery besides expenses of litigation. He will continue to suffer the stigma of being a rape case accused"
Started a thread in /r/movies about male driven horror films do not exist. Then free speech denied
Just watched A Goofy Movie... it was very good!
"She was asking for it by how she was dressed".
Karen Straughan Vs. Roosh V
Seriously, should I get married?
Question for Research - Female Educators in Sex Crimes
Taylor &amp; Johnson Debunk Rape Hysteria Again
Why do people laugh at 'feminist research'?
Study finds men with depression often their own toughest critics
So typical: Three teens conspired to beat another teen half to death with a crowbar. Two of the three perps are female. Guess which two were offered plea deals in exchange for assistance in putting away the third perp?
Judge: Jackie Coakley not covered by patient-counselor privilege in 'Rolling Stone' defamation suit
Woman convicted of luring ex-boyfriend to be tortured, shot and burned to death when she was 15.
Depression acutely affects men. How can we help them overcome it?
Female White Knights - The Fiamengo File Episode 21
8 direct effects of the delusional obsessive brainwashing campaigns "teach men not to rape!!!"
Anita Sarkeesian vs. Butts
In Defense of Men, What's Left of Them - Present Day Feminism
Henry Rollins talks about being falsely accused of rape
Courtesy Is Now ‘Rape Culture’
The Effects of Feminism: Doctor/Alpha Male in Sweden finds it easier to abduct woman to rape dungeon than to do normal dating.
Best Bаse Of AdultDаting. Free ассess аvаilаble 2 hоurs. Hurry up!
[Australia] Contact Your Senator - Family Law Reform Coalition
Haven't seen this in awhile, Seems relevant.
You have my sword
There are many petitions on Change.org which malign men. So someone created this petition demanding end to that practice.
Bill Cosby, Listen and Believe!
Watch: Student stabbed Christian Louboutin stiletto heel into man's eye after bust-up over - crisps in Piccadilly taxi queue (she walks free with a suspended sentence)
All I said was "if women have the right to be bear chested in public, men have the right to observe and ogle them as they see fit" interesting response
Pushing Affirmative Consent - USC students required to detail sexual history before registering for classes
Officers weren't having it. A win in domestic abuse.
Man who said "no" to a woman and was expelled has now been reinstated.
Scott Adams (Dilbert creator) on Patriarchy
Family of man shot dead by University campus cop during a traffic stop reach $5.3M settlement with the University of Cincinatti - which also promises free tuition for all 12 of his kids.
Asian American women are closing the gap with white men, but that’s not the point
I was banned today from /r/feminism. Because i didnt immediatly trust a post from here and wanted to give them a chance to explain that post.
Bimek SLV – The new contraception for men
HuffPo: Don't Let Cologne Attacks Divert Energy Away from Hating White Men
Change "racist" to "sexist" and you have the official feminist mandate
Posted by Mike Oelke. Gender Diversity In The Workforce Only Provides Improvement If the Women Aren’t Trying To Be Men
Barry Nolan: Our Hearts at Wounded Jaye
Need some help providing links
A study of a million college syllabi found that, of the most-assigned novels written in the past 50 years, 75% were written by women of color.
Judicial Hamsters working overtime: Mother slashed a taxi driver's face with a wine glass, gets suspended sentence.
are women really against any reform of alimony and divorce laws?
Can feminists stop interfering with every website I've been on?
Temporary Restraining Orders
The changing narrative on SJW's - Cry Bullies
What is the benefit of the marriage contract for men?
This was shared by a feminist facebook group with over 1 million likes, it reeks of male disposability, victim blaming and the most tragically comic element is that it reeks of traditional gender roles and " patriarchy" as they would put it.
Editorial regarding the Geneseo murder-suicide, painting domestic violence and jealousy as a purely male-on-female phenomenon.
Dumb Male Feminist gets ENTRAPPED!! - Oprah - Mel Feit Vs Feminist Lawyer(1995) mra mgtow
Fight w/ the feminist ex
In a society with a strict "all genders are equal" ideology, women's rights turn into a fight for traditional gender roles.
This state figured out that addicted moms need treatment not jail. Not needed for men.
Two teenage girls face trial in Colorado for 'planning mass school shooting.
Gender roles in Hollywood films, not everything is misogyny
36 Answers to dumb womens questions
"My husband was sexually assaulted on a plane" - airline staff and police does not treat alleged sexual assault seriously • /r/legaladvice
Security Guard Assaulted by Drunk Women: Cops tell her to go home and sleep
What's Equality Got To Do With It, Q&amp;A - Dr. Janice Fiamengo
Ujjal Dosanjh: By silencing white men, Canada can’t have an honest debate about equality, race and culture
Despite Fewer Social Burdens, White Older US Men More Vulnerable To Suicide - .... Just pisses me off to read this garbage
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [MensRights]
Proven cause of disasters in our society: "gender's studies"
Not TheOnion: Feminists complain that men avoid dating them
Channel Seven reporter criticised for hugging Miss Universe Australia Monika Radulovic on TV
Another boy's mum is fighting the broken UK "justice system" after a babysitter statutory rapes her 11-year-old boy and gets with it
Anonymous Vows To Help Man falsely Accused of Rape and Murder
Females like mens perfume cologne fragrance type body oils.
Twitter trolls accuse Emma Watson of exploiting Harry Potter co-star Alan Rickman's death to further her own 'feminist agenda'
How to know you’re in a hate movement
Australia -- "Wife arrested after husband stabbed in chest." Rose Batty not expected to make a statement.
Support for male victims of domestic abuse
Mapped: how a demographic time bomb will transform the global economy. No mention of MGTOW. No mention of feminism destroying the family. No mention of the average family man not earning enough to support a family. etc
Due process advocates starting 2016 off strong
Male and Female Brains
3 Reasons Why European Women Should Welcome More Migrants
New Factual Feminist: Hillary Clinton on sexual assault issues: Crusader or hypocrite?
For everyone to use as a reference, Washington Research Center found that overall, men are harassed online more than women are
Why does the MRA focus most of its time attacking women, instead of focusing on actually gender/men's issues?
If feminists don't owe me anything, I don't owe feminists anything either.
This thread is full of people talking about how even women don't realize they're being raped.
Gender Equality (Parent 1 and Parent 2 vs Mother and Father)
Want to get accused of Sexual assault? Have sex with this woman.
How to tell if research is credible or bullshit?
The "Ladies Only" workout room at the gym with fogged out windows...
Still not full parity in top jobs. The Guardian calls out the oppression
Thunderf00t Responds to BuzzFeed's Video “36 Questions Women Have For Men”
Exactly, right guys?
Lena Dunham says media's coverage of Hillary has been 'rabidly sexist'
Had this child molester been a male, I highly doubt that having a bad childhood is a good enough reason to avoid prison.
Legislation would deny education to accused students
