Weird brain zaps with no apparent trigger and no reason
I have a history of depression and I'm currently on medication. Is it wise to smoke marijuana?
Laziness or something more?
How to win in sporting clays?
Get Control over the Unwanted Problems of Porn Addiction
How does a civilization heal from the wounds of abuse?
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my aoal
I'm just not happy... and I haven't been happy in quite some time
Life After Leaving Treatment
Your Mind is Lying to You
Diet plans really matters for your mental health
Watch this video on really easy breathing techniques that you can use in public without drawing attention to yourself. These techniques are great for reducing anxiety in social situations and at work.
If someone tells a counsellor/psychologist that they want to commit suicide, is the counsellor/psychologist allowed to say something like, "You have to make the right decision for you"? If not, what must they do?
I rescue animals and now one of my rescues is needing major surgery.. Blaming myself.
What will a doctor do if they see SH cuts.
rate my mental health
How can I effect positive change in the mental health system after experiencing first-hand the traumas of the psych ward?
DAE feel hopelessly lost in their inner world and unable to make sense of it or even think clearly?
In the past few years I've had some increasingly weird social problems and memory issues. My parents think I have Aspergers because I'm into computers but I've asked the Aspergers sub and they disagree.
Where is the line between being unhappy and mild depression?
I've discovered that my brother has an obsession over a fictional character.
Do you think this new approach will work?
Obama Wants to 'Remove the Stigma' of Mental Illness While Expanding the List of Former Patients Barred From Owni...
What to do when a paraphilia hits too close to home?
What type of practitioner
I'm only ok when I'm alone
Confidence issues
Everyone is staring and I have nothing to say
Does my friend have a mental disorder?
I have anxiety and I'm constantly worried about my depressed girlfriend who has a history of self-harm
Can't decide whether or not to quit taking a part-time certificate I'm taking....relates to mental health (extreme indecision, cognitive dissonance with almost everything in my life, always!!!)
I'm scared of myself and I don't know what to do.
There is something limiting my happiness. How do I choose a counselor that can give me the tools to overcome this?
How do I stop being so negative all the time?
My best friend has lost his mind - please help.
In recent months I've been able to rationalize WHY I am getting a response out of an stimulus and I can think through why I shouldn't be but the responses keep persisting.
what is wrong with me
Mental Health Clinic | Get Immediate Help
Emotion-processing Networks Disrupted In Depression
Mental illness statistics: one in four
Fun Activities at Sober Living Home in New York
After losing the love of my life, to schizophrenia..
Sports and war: When it comes to concussions, not much difference between football and fighting
I have posted here before...
How to help teach an autistic
Wondering if you could give me some insight?
Ever listen to a song and just feel like...
Sex rant. Feeling angry and frustrated
I don't know whats wrong with me.
I don't know if I see things the way they really are. Or I'm so depressed I can't see anything but pain
Prescribed Effexor for Anxiety + Depression, I have a few questions.
One Minute Meditation for the shiny busy you! :)
23 year old guy who conquered mild depression/anxiety. AMA.
Really angry at my psychiatrist.
Mental Health, let’s talk about it!
What is a mental disorder?
Is it Love? Or Possessiveness
BrainPlus IQ Deutschland - BrainPlus IQ Schweiz - Bewertungen
Always Shaking, Trembling and Twitching.
Need an outside perspective about a difficult sibling
Harness the simple power found in words to help succeed...
Is my father a psychopath? + a bunch of other shit
Psychiatrist appointment next week
The #BellLetsTalk campaign about mental health stigma has left me frustrated. [RANT] (x-post /r/depression)
Tips for handling a possible relapse (psychosis)?
I'm all messed up and I have a crap self-esteem, not sure if this is the right time for therapy
For those of you who have gone from very angry/negative/sad to much improved: what aspects of your life are different? What do you attribute it to?
Take Advantage of These Wellness Apps Developed at Northwestern University
Whats wrong with me?
ewellnessexpert blog
City Voices: How to Submit an Article for Consideration to NYC's Oldest and Largest Mental Health Newspaper
Knitting- The Secret To a Sound Body And Mind
Need some help understanding some things
Should I still be working?
My own reality and version of a bit of mental health.
Vision all spaced out. Is it depersonalisation or OCD?
brain/head zaps from anti depressants anyone experienced or found a remedy???
I Lost My Job Today
Finding the Positive in Tough Situations
Does anyone else have a fear of their therapist giving up on them?
Free online counseling psychotherapy Psychiatrist
curatenie la domiciliu
Depression in children
Body rocking as a form of comfort (?)
Is anything wrong with me?
Can someone help me understand my own head?
Hey there, reminder that we have a friendly chat room for anyone who wants to share, vent, and maybe seek advice. you're welcome to join :)
Any advice for someone having to rebuild their self-esteem from the ground up
How to Stop Self-sabotage by Understanding Your 3 Brains [Illustrated] - Sepi Tajima
Do you sometimes feel like you're trying to find an answer to a question you cannot put into words?
Textual Selfies Can Heal
mileycyrus My private hungry unmarried woman 24 age+ , her id: aaaadasa
Recently went to the doctor, can't remember the exact name of my results
I don't know where to go to manage my mental health issues
I'm fucked up and i don't know why [M20 with SO f19]
Emotional rollercoaster throughout the day
Is there a name for what going on with me
I've had brain fog for over a year
Wanted some sort of diagnosis or suggestions
What happens on the fist visit to a psycologist?
PLEASE HELP: Off Paxil six and half weeks ago, extremely depressed right now (X-POST from r/depression)
Participants Needed! Psycho-Oncology Experiences in Asian Americans
New Depression Model Outperforms Psychiatrists - "A simple questionnaire filled out by depressed patients can help identify whether a particular medication is likely to help them, according to a new study by Yale University researchers published Jan. 20 in the journal Lancet Psychiatry."
4 Tips on How to Stay Sober After Treatment
Apa manfaat kesehatan utama mengonsumsi BrainPlus IQ?
Question: Do you think in words?
Bipolar disorder linked to inherited differences in sleep patterns
'Trust' is a poem expressing the vunerability of the inner child. Trusts image has also been created by Jessica Charles author of heartsick.org.uk
Need a Friend to Talk to?
Help me help my husband please.
Has anyone else ever experienced something like this?
For those who may be interested - opportunity to earn $ by participating in research on self-injury
My mother, her son(me) and I
Feels good to feel sad?
Feeling completely alone i a full room
Getting back on track after relapsing.
Understanding Child Parts in the Dissociative System
the ugly side of mental health
BrainPlus IQ Schweiz - BrainPlus IQ Österreich - Test
Have you ever asked yourself, What is my purpose? Awakening Your Potential with Corey Sheikh
Hello, just a reminder that there's a place to vent, talk, and hang out online :)
Does getting high help?
[Small Issue] Carmel Apple Cider is ruining my life.
Will a counsellor or psychologist ever criticise or laugh at a person because of their reason for wanting to commit suicide, even if they think the reason is stupid?
Mental Health Awareness Event
Incredibly Cheap Mental Health Counseling
What are these random winds of emotion I feel?
DAE find eating is the most difficult when depressed
"Recovery" in mental health? Opinions?
I'm terrified of asking for help but I think I need it?
In a recent study published in the Journal of Happiness Studies, researchers discovered that there is a huge difference between how respondents rate their own life satisfaction and how others rate it based on an interview.
Cyclothymic Disorder Symptoms, Causes and Treatments
Coping with depression is hard. This poignant comic shows one woman's journey.
Depression Treatment Center in Texas
City Voices: 11th Annual NYC Mental Health Film Festival
Attaining Success While Living with Illness
Can early childhood trauma effect your mental health later in life?
I've been stepped on and pushed around for so long, I want to become a strong and assertive person...
How to help my brother seek medical attention for extreme paranoia, schizophrenia, and aggression. He lives in Atlanta, Georgia
I feel like I'm living inside a dream
Life... just venting.
I absorb emotions/thoughts/personalities of some characters after watching movies
Why I want to avoid a depression diagnosis at all costs
Can someone help me identify what could be causing this and how to approach it?
Textual selfies can heal
I don't know how to handle my Mum.
I'm afraid to go to sleep because of my dreams?
mother showing signs of anxiety and is always worried my dad is dying
Aspienwomen: Moving towards an adult female profile of Autism/Asperger Syndrome
The Ugly Truth: Can Cosmetic Surgery Cure Body Dysmorphic Disorder?
My extreme emotional sensitivity used to fuel my chronic anxiety, now I use it to help others...
How can an adult be kept from putting stuff in their mouth?
Navy SEALs Have a '40 Percent Rule' And It's the Key to Overcoming Mental Barriers
A Neuroscientist Explains: Trump Has a Mental Disorder That Makes Him a Dangerous World Leader
Voed je brein en verbeter je geheugen met BrainPlus IQ
Mental Health Issues among Children of Addicts
Improve Your Body, Mind and Heart in 25 Minutes
Come to me in the evening. I am 20 years old. You can call your friend! 20+
22 y/o college student, vent post
Suicide lifeline (for kik)
I have a friend who is depressed and suicidal because of how unfair life is, does it make sense for him to cancel a trip to China for these reasons?
How to Implement an Effective Porn Treatment Therapy?
How Pinterest might help depression
On Mental Illness and Recovery
5 Ways to Help Your Parent With Sundowners
Free online counseling psychotherapy Psychiatrist
BrainPlus IQ Mexico - BrainPlus IQ Colombia - BrainPlus IQ Funciona
25 Easy Ways to Increase Your Happiness
Dealing with feeling nothing?
My Mom is seeing bugs that are not real, she is obsessed with them and thinks we're conspiring against her.
I am afraid my mother's mind is deteriorating, or worse. What can I do.
destructive body mod
Military: my therapist is concerned about me taking a vacation without hubby.
A short story from history we can use to stop worrying about what people think of us!
Rise in serious incidents at English mental health trusts
A friend of mine sadly, and wholly preventably, committed suicide earlier this year. He suffered immensely and the Irish state failed him. At least his death is sparking new conversations about how we deal with mental illness. Change must come.
A Deadly Deployment, a Navy SEAL's Despair
I made this video to inspire people, If I can make one person happy that's good enough for me :)
How to Stop Thoughts, How to Stop negative obsessive bad unwanted anxiou...
Combating institutionalization through memoir
If someone is suicidal because they feel as if their life is unfair, why does telling them that there are people in the world who have it worse than them just not work?
Do people become Psychotic?
First time going to a psychiatrist
Advice on switching anti-psychotic medication?
I don't relate easily to others
Trouble sleeping (night terror trigger warning)
Bipolar Diagnosis?
Gilrfriend seems almost normal but used to have some sort of hallucinations. Need some advice
Advice wanted on family situation
Possible Depression
Why aren't some people scared of death?
The Guardian : how the NHS and being a panto Dame saved my life
Travel with an anxiety disorder and chronic DP/DR... watch me struggle my way around the world!
In 2012 I died due to overdose of my prescribed medication, the long road to recovery has been tiresome, but I have something to show for it. Here is my song, 'inflict confusion'
Dr. Gabor Maté - The Myth of “Normal”
Is there a correlation between being significantly more comfortable communicating with people with severe mental disorders and having one yourself?
The Difference Between Sadness and Depression (PsychologyToday Article)
10 Ways defeat your fears and live your greatest life.
When finding the right medicine is a double edged sword
don't know what's gone wrong
What do I use instead of "Broken."
Can you be diagnosed with psychosis without experiencing hallucinations?
Is the media annihilating our mental health and self-esteem?
Possible anxiety attacks?
I don't know of this would be the right place for this
My new medication change is making things hard.
Neurologist or Psychologist? Therapist?
A relapse i guess? i really need help.
Are the good times really worth the bad ones?
I feel insecure, depressed, anxious and stressed. I feel like nothing can make me feel better
Yes, you should have a dirty mind
Free webcam show with me here! 22
New test could predict dementia risk during routine GP visits
Taking myself off medication
How do I get my friends back?
I don't know who to talk to about my mental health.
Can taking car of an elderly person make someone go crazy?
Advice for my dad
Hypochondriasis, factitious disorder, somatic symptom disorder, or is she just sick?
How do I deal with mild but pertinent psychosis?
Mental Health for people without mental illness? For bodily health people eat and sleep well and get regular exercise, I assume these are important for mental health too, but are there other equivalent ways to maintain mental health?
Conversion Disorder
When You’re the Wife of a Man With Depression
What I Miss About Being Normal
[mentalhealth] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
'Stop being silly', &amp; other things you shouldn't say to people with anxiety
In Defense of Your Comfort Zone: Observing Your Sensitivity Threshold
What should be done about this post on yahoo answers?
Do I have a big problem here ?
8 things people with a failure mindset do
-&gt;This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of SomeoneYou Know!&lt;-for-mentalhealth
Going to support a community after suicide
Is it normal to have a fascination with suicide?
Why does the death of fictional characters affect me more than death of friends or family?
I Think I Am Going Through My First Mental Snap
Problem with parents
Help with Patients with BPD?
Describe going ON antidepressants.. what changes did you notice?
Perfectionism - a guided self-help study
This Sad Hotel
Supposed to see doctor once a month, scheduled for two months out and worried I'll get in trouble.
How do I approach my condition? Towards the end of every year, I'll start to be mentally impaired.
How do you know if you're depressed or if it's something else? How do you find out?
Have Questions? Need Help? Post here and I and/or others will speak with you.
Any recourse if I lose my job?
Why negativity comes easily + ideas for positivity
Mental Health, Employment And Disability Support
Interview with Peter Gøtzsche, Danish physician and medical researcher: Over-Diagnosis
Brain Plus IQ Funciona - Colombia,México,España,Perú,Chile
A webseries on Mental Health Discussion and Stigma: This week is TRIGGER WARNINGS. Love to hear your thoughts xx
Abuse hurts the mind, body, and the spirit.
Taking Crazy To A Whole New Level
Want me? Can chat with you on all sorts of topics... Sign up and find me. [mentalhealth]
Personality changes after illness
I have BPD and my friend refuses to talk to me when I have one of my 'episodes'. I've tried to explain my condition to him but he won't listen to me and just says he won't talk to me until I'm 'normal'. Why won't he discuss BPD with me?
Do I have a mental illness and can social anxiety/schizophrenia be it?
Mental health issue or normal human behavior: I am worried because I am at very high risk for mental health issues due to family history of schizophrenia, I have epilepsy, young female in her 20's and have waking dreams and sleep walking.
Went to therapist for the first time, scared to tell her about cutting issue
Those with psychosis, does your psychosis come and go in episodes or is it constant and always present?
Antidepressants and Sexual Health
Can't stop picking my nose..
i'm stuck i need a new prospective.
Could someone tell me if the thoughts I get are normal?
Brain gains - Genetics throws open a window on a perplexing disorder
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my gla
Positive Mind for Healthy Body
Why people act so irrationally
Why do you self-harm?
Battling with Psychosis the Right Way
How do you deal with the signs of mental illness especially around the holidays?
Science Says This Can Help You Stop Smoking Cigs or weed - The Tracking Technique
I feel like everyone hates me and talks about me behind my back and is out to get me
I hallucinate, but mainly at night?
I'm a terrible girlfriend because of my poor mental health and I feel like its taking a toll on my boyfriend. I don't know what to do
Have you experienced memory repression of abuse, and/or recall of this? [X-Post from r/survivorsofabuse]
Nightmares, and just randomly remembering event. Advice, or not. Just need to vent a bit
Depression &amp; anxiety relapse. I'm scared.
BrainPlus IQ Preis | BrainPlus IQ Test | Brain Plus IQ Kaufen
7 of the Best Movies About Mental Health
Guns now allowed in Texas’ state-run psychiatric hospitals
post relationship/life help
Why are my thoughts this way? It's a constant battle in my mind, do i need to seek help?
Reflecting on 2015
Are there any reasons for a loner to live, any ways to have a satisfying life without social ties?
Just a lil concerned
Issues with my roommate and my cleanliness
Is it possible to get government assistance (EI) for mental health issues?
Losing your favorite therapist.
Andrew Solomon: Depression, the secret we share | TED Talk
How to Let Go Of Worries
Here’s Why a Coloring Book Is the Best Gift for A Stressed-Out Man
Stigma-Free Zone: Breaking Barriers in New Jersey
What the hell is wrong with me and what can I do about it?
Feel like my emotions aren't real
What to do with negative friends?
Your not alone - Read this to understand
Good Mental Health Books for Someone with Psychosis NOS?
Anxiety about going back to work
Should I be concerned about my roommate?
[Rant/advice request] What to do about an inconsistently supportive mother?
10 Myths About Bipolar Disorder
Depression In Aging Adults Is Becoming A Serious Health Issue
Depression Screening Recommended For All Pregnant Women, New Mothers
Why do I have to pretend to care about important subjects?
What Is Non Whites Influence On White Mental Health?
Help me? I have a problem
How do deal with existential lonliness.
I hear voices, but they aren't mean. Is that abnormal?
What are the typical behaviors and traits that comes up in a adult when being traumatized as a child as a bullying victim?
Should I Tell My Therapist...?
CAN'T TAKE IT ANY LONGER
Why is there a stigma around therapy when at the same time, society romanticizes mental disorders
So helpful: Her HOCD and ROCD by Epifania
Increase In Drug And Opioid Overdose Deaths | CDC Reports
Fear of the Outdoors – Dealing with Agoraphobia
I think it would be a good idea to talk to a professional
Psychosis from lack of sleep and a horrible insensitive mistake that could cost me my friends. Advice?
Trying to figure out whats wrong
I have crippling indecisiveness. It scares me so much but I cannot make it stop.
Please help me with this rage.
very very high dependency and anxiety..please help
Constant nose picking, finger chewing, hands near mouth
Sister Involuntarily Committed; I Have Questions
I want to get a degree in Integrative Mental Health
I'm obsessed with making (and saving) money. Is that a good or bad thing? Do I have a problem?
I feel like I'm in free-fall
What is Depression, its Causes, effects &amp; Treatment - Part 2
'I was completely and utterly addicted to hurting myself'
Brain Plus IQ Review - BrainPlus IQ Test - Brain Plus IQ Scam?
UCL launches free online dementia course
Promoted "Modern Science" about depression is bullshit, and I will tell you why.
What the heck just happened to me??
I have no idea what happened, this feels like something close to a miracle for what it is, advice/explanation?
how to seek mental health treatment?
Re: Reporting Spam
How to get over my paranoia (psychosis) without taking medication?
Is there anyone here I can talk to privately about something that's really been eating me up?
Dependent Personality Disorder + Aspergers = Endless Loop that is UNBREAKABLE
It’s hard for me to read because I already have so many thoughts going on and any extra stimulation is too much.
Shiney! (What is this symptom?)
Is it still a disability if you can "muscle through" it?
The Science of Healing Thoughts
Still in a Crib, Yet Being Given Antipsychotics - "Cases like that of Andrew Rios, in which children age 2 or younger are prescribed psychiatric medications to address alarmingly violent or withdrawn behavior, are rising rapidly, data shows."
Mental health care is still awaiting its revolution
PTSD makes ordinary moments seem terrifying
Insomnia Buy Insomnia Medication Online without Prescription
Do I have any issues?
Need advice regarding mom's memory problems
Did you find yourself permanently affected even after leaving the psych ward?
Therapist Says I May Qualify for STPD?
Brain is taunting me with questions/accusations over my sexuality.
Girlfriend really surprised me tonight, need advice
Memory issues and I don't know what to do
[Discussion] Therapy pets
What happened to me?
Messed up visit with new psychiatrist, venting/need advice (x-post /r/depression)
Anxiety attacks
Dating WebSite For Sex! ) Find Your Love to night! my ilol
15 Common Cognitive Distortions.
Do you think this will work?
Hernia recovery
I read lots of stories about many young kids being cured from selective mutism, but how realistic is it for a 16 year old to be completely cured from it? Please help me I think I'm losing it.
We Get a Lot of the Same Sort of Questions on this Sub, and I Find I Always Give The Same Answers. Here Are Those Questions AND Their Answers.
For people doing CBT, how consistent are you with the exercises? How well has it worked for you as a result?
Just got robbed at knife point, can't sleep or stop thinking about it
Do I have a problem?
Too scared to sign up for bone marrow register and feeling like utter sh*t?
Why do I rarely enjoy what I'm doing, and always feel like I need to search for "what is wrong"...why do I feel so unsure of who I am, and even what I enjoy doing for fun?
What's wrong with me?
Panic attacks at work
Should I have to pay for this prescription? My psychiatrist cannot prescribe so she is getting a colleague to do it.
What is Depression, its causes &amp; Effects - Part 1
Porn Addiction Therapy
Reddit hookup. Best girls for f*cking in the world! Reddit recommend! [mentalhealth]
Are American women being prescribed psychiatric drugs – anti-depressants, anti-psychotics — for normal emotions? We’ll hear out one psychiatrist’s bold claim...Listen
When We Were Young
freaky experience!!
Will I be forced into inpatient for self harm?
I get very attached to people and things.
I think I'm going crazy please help any advice is good.. I can't tell if this is just anxiety and sleep deprivation or i am losing my mind. :(
How do I help my my friend go to college?
Can't see an end anytime soon.
Is anybody suffering from depression interested in an analysis to find which are the biggest influences of their depression?
Came here upon the suggestion of a redditor. Need help. (x-post CMH)
Depression/anxiety linked with time of year?
Psychosis advice? I'm terrified right now...
Is this depression? (Xpost /r/depression)
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my oaal
Biggest Service Online! Find Your Love for sex! my iaag
And my penis was missing again.... ‪#‎fuckcancer‬ ‪#‎badboob‬ ‪#‎cancerfree‬
Male mental health patient being stigmatized and traumatized by clubhouse and mental health team in Vancouver - They said they did everything right by the book
Existential depression/anxiety is getting in the way of my daily life. Please help?
Advice on how to deal with possible auditory hallucinations?
The psychiatrist prescribed me Zyprexa because I have problematic sleep?
Love and sex are unrelated in my mind (read for explanation). Is this some kind of mental illness?
Females with Aspergers (Advice please)
I don't know if I should keep seeing a counselor.
Some sort of psychotic episode
Rambling about my Imaginary Friends.
Today is Bell Canada's Lets talk day. A day to help encourage people to talk about mental health. They will also make donation of 5 cents for every time you use the hashtag #BellLetsTalk
Finding hope after hitting rock bottom.
What Would it Feel Like to Have Amazing Levels of Energy?
Soldiers with PTSD more 'tuned' to angry faces because of over-connected brain circuits
Help making sense of my own thought process?
Literally going insane. Someone please help.
I just got banned from a forum website for being mentally ill.
I'm on the verge of blowing up.
Bad depression and suicidal thoughts
Why do I obsess over death?
Does this sound like PTSD?
Hearing issues and Learning Disabilities.
Waving the white flag.
Unable to stay attentive and "greyouts"
Here is a good article for the Ayurvedic Treatment for Stress!!
The Health Dilemma
The Town of Light: How a video game is shining a torch on the history of mental health institutes
Understanding Depression: The 4 Types of Depression
The Signs and Symptoms of Depression
Depression is pretty S***
What's wrong with mommy?
Help Am I Going Crazy?
Living with Psychiatric Disorders
Please let me know about your infant's sleep-related experiences for research!
DAE mind go blank about what to do when people say things like "live like your were dying?"
Problems with self-esteem
Need advice - Extremely rare mental disorder
Is 'recovery' from a mental illness solely on you helping yourself?
Social Anxiety alternatives?
Depression is a twisted SOB.
The Mind-the-Mind Campaign: Battling the Stigma of Mental Disorders
[mentalhealth] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
5 Common Alcohol &amp; Drug Combinations That are Lethal
[mentalhealth] I threw the guy, but I have a disease, that it does not accept, I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Caregiver for Mentally Disabled Brother
Mental health/antidepressants screwing with eyesight.
I Think Mental Health Today Means Looking At Where Beauty And Ugliness Can Balance For A Good,Exciting,Adventureful Future
Help with Intrusive Thoughts
Draw a person Test
struggling with date mental health stories
Doing some research into the effect of stigma on people's own perception of their mental illness, any help?
Question about weight gain on paxil
How do I get rid of my stress triggered coughing?
Don't be afraid to ask for help!
BrainPlus IQ Test - BrainPlus IQ Bestellen - Bewertungen
Mental Health (be careful where your head treads)
Treatment Options for Psychosis
How resolving my major mental health issues helped me lose, and keep off, over 112lbs...
A Poster Campaign, I did, to raise awareness of people with Mental Health Problems.
My experience with the state's Mental Health system (mostly good)
Friend worryingly absorbed by tumblr
Sober Living Residence in Westchester, New York
I [17 M] don't know what's wrong with me, help please. (Long)
Anybody here have experience with police before?
I feel ostracized.
Help me create a crowdfunding campaign to help support my friend through the aftermath of suicide attempts?
Mania from misdiagnosed depression and quitting medicine or actual personality?
Does anyone know why i see the world in two distinctly different ways?
Constant need to be alone, no desire to do anything - but not feeling particularly depressed?
Disease of Depression"
Retired UFC fighter Gary Goodridge discusses depression and traumatic brain injury.
Should Mental Health Be Taught In Schools?
Suicide Matters
How can all of these diagnoses be correct? / Confused about diagnostic process
Why food and Internet? Why can't exercise and social activity fire up my dopamine machines?
X-post from /r/videos
My 2 Player Game: Create comfort zone challenges for your friend (x-post from r/self)
Anger problems?
Is throwing yourself into work so bad if you're at least making money?
Two-day SSI/SSDI/Medicaid Benefits Training. FREE!
Will a therapist give up on you if you don't stop self-harming?
My grandfather is tripping balls
Recurring thoughts
EMDR for depression?
The Politics of Mental Health
question about "Specialty Mental Health Services" coverage by medi-cal
How To Develop A More Mentally Resilient Personality For Bouncing Back From Failure
6 Movies About Addiction That Can Inspire You
What is Stigma? How do we explain to others why it matters? How can we get them to help fight?
How do you tell your friend that they might have B.P.D. or O.D.D?
Can I lose certain rights (such as 2nd amendment) if I voluntarily admit myself?
City Voices: DOHMH Office of Consumer Affairs Annual Wellness Fair
Tunnel Vision, how to it defines depression
BrainPlus IQ Funciona - BrainPlus IQ Precio - Opiniones
BrainPlus IQ - Brain Plus IQ France - BrainPlus IQ Test
my only cure is the idiot that got me in a bad mood.
I wrote this letter to my boyfriend (but probably won't give it to him) and wanted to share it with someone.
Major social problem, I awkwardly smile and laugh for no reason :(
Does anyone else experience extreme sadness after a bout of energetic work? (x-posted to r/depression)
I think I have some kind of mental disability
Should I not have children since I'm autistic?
Should I seek therapy or another option?
For all of us abused by 7 cups of tea
I know there's something wrong with me, but I don't know what
Can I go to my GP for a general mental health checkup?
Why is my dad so stressed and angry all the time?
Do I have PTSD?
Everyone should read this. "close your eyes and imagine the best version of you possible. that's who you really are, let go of any part of you that doesn't believe it."
Advice, damage, mea culpa, suicide, and a humble request for help.
I'm still suicidal but it feels like there's no point getting help for it
Hair twisting is getting out of control
I might be crazy.
Need to go to an institution
Sigh (x-post from /r/suicidewatch/
I've been struggling with schizophrenia for the past 7 years. I'm thinking about going to tech school and getting a job. Has this worked out for anyone else with a severe mental disability?
Please read this, it may help some of you; How I overcame my severe depression, existential crisis and suicidal thoughts.
[Discussion] Would you advocate for permanent removal of depression?
Zoning out and randomly pacing during bursts of happiness.. Is this normal?
Debilitating lack of willpower or motivation.
Stop watching “Hoarders”: Our lurid reality TV obsession with mental illness has crossed a line.
[mentalhealth] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Let’s Talk: Mental Illness and Poverty
Blue Monday 'Trivialises Depression', Say Mental Health Experts - We Need To Talk About It All Year Round
