Getting everyone to pull their own weight
Every single time.
Firearm storage while deployed, Found this little gem looking for storage before deployment. Thought I'd share. You can even mail your guns to them!
I put the Ooh in his Oohrah. /u/lowspeedlowdrag's Hambeast
US military: Sorry Google, we don't want your robot dogs
Former Military Driving Opportunities
SAVE THE TANK MUSEUM
Colombian Army War Prayer/Oracion de Guerra
Who Gets More Repsect Than War Heroes? Always Sunny on point.
VA finally prosecutes someone. But instead of the VA management who punish whistleblowers, they're going after a veteran.
Advice on what route to take?
Dogs Welcoming Soldiers Home
Woman unable to return to air force academy for injuries.... sustained while lifting a burning truck off her dad, driving it away from the house while it was on fire, and then attempting to put fire out with hose once everyone was safe. (nbcwashington.com)
What are common Navy Intelligence Officer billets aboard ships and submarines
Why do TOW Missiles weave around so much in flight?
How much liberty do General officers have in regards to their uniform?
Chaplain brings pizza every Tuesday, found this on the bulletin board a few months back. Thank you for your service chaps..
The Inquisitr News: Close Encounter: Russian Fighter Jet Comes Within 15 Feet Of U.S. Air Force Jet
Jump at 6th Ranger Training Battalion
PICS: 50 Years Ago America Dropped 4 Nuclear Bombs on Spain
Crossing the Line - '88 - Vinson
Transforming the military during the 1970s
helicopters :Russia should deploy Ka-52 Alligator in Syria
A Interview with Devin Mitchell the man behind Veteran Vision Project
Video shows U.S. sailor apologizing for Iran incident
TIL that the U.S. Navy can still impose a diet of bread and water as punishment. But only for those sailors those with the rank of seaman (E3) and below.
U.S. Special Ops Killed or Hurt in Southern Afghanistan
Medal Of Honor Recipient Arrested On Hit-And-Run Charge
Anyone know what this is?
Reddaway Driver Job Fair Portland Oregon
Save On Flonase!
Mil Mi-24 the "flying tank" in action at german airshow
Has anyone here Served with/in the Trinidad And Tobago Defence Force?
22 Veterans A Day In The United States Commit Suicide!
The Japanese-American Officer Who Helped Take Down and Then Rebuild Japan
Comment: Why You Must Watch 'A War'
Hypothetic question : what if someone does nothing or is rebellious at basic training?
USAMM's Top 20 Celebrity Veterans
It's a sad day when we lose Big Dig. I really want to see a .50 cal or crew weapon mounted on it.
You know that guy in school who reminded the teacher of homework? He enlisted.
AR15: Mud Test
Soldier claims mold infestation at Fort Gordon barracks
Six years ago today, SrA Bradley Smith gave his life trying to save his squad members. RIP Brad; we miss you.
The State of the World.
Too Male Centric?
Eagle scout project
Music to my ears
1st Battalion Royal Welsh Regiment appoints Fusilier Llywelyn as new regimental goat
How many of these could you pull off before getting noticed?
The crazy story of the man who fought for Finland, the Nazis, and US Army Special Forces
What the Captain means...
M1A1 damage from multiple HEAT rounds (x-post from r/DestroyedTanks)
Funeral Expenses for the Hill + Burns families (X-Post from r/USMC)
Real People, Real Results! Experience a Complete Body Transformation! Burn Stubborn Fat! Get Free Trial Bottle!
US Marine Amir Hekmati and 3 other Americans released from Iranian prison
I saw this at a mall today and it made me extremely proud
Really? Is this a thing now?
Watch Technicians Take Apart And Rebuild A U-2 Spy Plane
CLASSIFIED PHOTO LEAKED: Military tests new stealth aerostat
[Military] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:laslg
"The Mother of All News Conferences" GEN Norman Schwarzkopf briefs the public immediately after the ground victory in Desert Storm (1991) [57:43]
Why are GoPros so bad at recording gunshots?
Possible tbi, issues caused 2 [suicide] attempts. Need help.
How many machine guns can you carry? 01:41.
US Marine Amir Hekmati and 3 other Americans released from Iranian prison
U.S. Army size and defense expenditures relative to other nations.
Need some books to read
Tutor.com is now offering free online tutoring to military families. (More info inside).
What the hell am I reading in this "I survived this yesterday, took a photo and then quit my job" thread?
Coast Guard Music Video
UNITED STATES MILITARY POWER 2016
Can you use wireless (wifi) hard drives on ship during deployment ?
What IS all that shit on the lead guy's helmet? It has more baubles than a goddamn Christmas tree.
Found this at Ft. Sill
Rifle Capable of Taking Down a Helicopter, Found in El Chapo’s House
The best field expedient bang out there
Marine Corps films from 1930s-1970s to be preserved
What's the worst detail you've ever been on? What's the best detail you've ever been on?
U.S. Army in Europe[3200 × 1680]
Spencer Stone, Airman Who Halted Attack on Train, Will Attend State of the Union
Army needs brave volunteers to eat nothing but MREs for three weeks.
[Military] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Everyone deserves a chance to fly?
Former Wounded Warrior employees accuse charity of wasting millions - YouTube
So I want to leave the Army, but don't want to be a shitbag.
Dutch marines VS Pirates, new video, Firefight at sea
Our Wars In 2 Minutes: WW1 to ISIS
Are there any circumstances where military members can take gear with them after they leave the military?
T-72 Main Battle Tank
Russian Airforce radiotraffic on voice channel 26th January 2016 , 8131kHz "KATOLIK", Tu-95's on way to Syria. (also Tu-95 channel marker was up at 8170kHz) Time 1436Z.
"RULES OF A GUNFIGHT" from former Green Beret, Redonkulas
Toxic exposures caused illness in gulf war veterans, new report says
India fields new Penetration Cum Blast ammunition. Supposedly provides a quantum leap in firepower
Pentagon releases video of U.S. bombing 'millions' in ISIS cash
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee! OK!
Can anyone identify the name of these sirens?
The US Navy Uses Memes to End Drunk Sailor Stereotypes (x-post/r/fellowkids)
The fabled "Jumpers Hit It" tattoo
Ex-Seal who spends his days in retirement finding fake-seals and calling them out
America's Got Soldier Talent - Army Soldier Show
How would you like being deployed to ukraine?
Need examples of someone not paying attention to target backdrop for a brief.
Help Identifying this hat?
Should i join the military after high school or college?
Advice on which route to take?
Am I too old to join the Miitry?
How can I find out my blood type fast?
inTransition Program review?
Please help me get my grandfather get the medal he deserves.
360° View of Urban Warfare training of the British Army 4k60
Russian Tank Division set up a Forward operating base in ISIS Controlled Syrian city.
Life of a boot...
WashingtonPosts' most-read military stories in 2015 — from heroism to Jade Helm 15 | yup Jade Helm was #1
Software is helping the search for guerrillas’ and terrorists’ safe houses and weapons caches
One U.S. soldier killed, two wounded in Helmand province, Afghanistan | Year 15 of the war in Afghanistan
Seeking Construction Program Analyst for Washington DC
The typical hashtags for military posts
Two U.S. Navy boats in Iranian custody but crew will be returned ‘promptly’. The boats were small riverine variants and were believed to have been within 12 nautical miles of Iran when they broke down.
Wounded Warriors Criticized
Does anyone love this shirt as much as I do?
I found a 47 year old recording of myself nearly being shot down in Vietnam while flying a Huey gunship. • /r/videos
What will replace the main battle tank?
So everyone is getting butthurt
I really want to join the Navy, but my friends and family think otherwise
Can recruiters get punished for lying
These 2 Congressional Candidates are doing a Q&amp;A. One is a CIA veteran, the other is both USNA and USAF combat veteran
I had coffee with former SecDef Donald Rumsfeld. We talked about his new app, not about the Iraq War.
US Military Commissions compaired to Game of Thrones
“War is not a solution” A bridge to peace under IPSI held at Fortis healthcare.
Range 15 Official Redband Trailer
How old were you when you joined? How do you feel about it?
Military Funeral Traditions
USMC Side-eyeing Korean troops for fanboying
Taking out the trash. Rah.
Possible Marine helicopter collision off Hawaii
That's about the gist of it. Now, how about some real training?
Can This Art Therapy Ease PTSD? How papier-mâché masks are helping Iraq and Afghanistan veterans heal.
JSF ITF F-35 2015 Year In Review
TurbomecaArrano the second Arrano H160
Women in combat... what do you think? Straightforward or complicated?
U.S. Hellfire missile used in training mission in Europe ended up in Cuba (officials have for over a year been trying to convince the Cuban government to return the state-of-the-art missile; Lockheed Martin at fault)
Pentagon will not demote retired General David Petraeus for providing his mistress and biographer with classified information (Army recommended no additional action after completing review)
Russia to Upgrade Its Only Flattop This Year
Military eye ware question
A Judges Panel Just Ruled Stolen Valor As Free Speech
If I can't commission as an Officer on Active Duty, can I turn reserve status to Active Enlistment?
Have any former sailors out there done the "Blue to Green" program? Active duty looking to serve a different way.
Statement of Charges refund
What's the deal with medals and ribbons in the military?
Female cadet commands respect at her high school
This is fascinating. "The admiral in charge of Navy intelligence has not been allowed to see military secrets for years." How is that possible?
What Would You Do With An EXTRA $50?
RSAF 2016 Commerical
Pentagon to take over control of background investigation information
General! General!
#BellLetsTalk Day Across Canada. Help End The Stigma Associated With Mental Health Issues
U.S. veteran finds lost love in Vietnam
CHECKOUT Russians White Swan
Dependa Olympics
1st SGT Magic the Gathering Card
Ex-Marine Can Wear Medals He Didn’t Earn. A Court Calls It Free Speech.
How did he make it through basic?
Have even a slight TBI, or need hyperbaric treatment? Heal the warriors can help!
"Boots, boots never change."
I don't know where to post this
Security Service of Ukraine "ALPHA"
Connecticut senator calls for inquiry into veteran's death at VA center
Hummm... Check out the casual AMA going on. Link inside.
I have a question about Geospatial Intelligence.
TRADOC Sick Call
In search of a american veteran to ask questions about conflict and other aspects of living under duress.
Who wants unique flair?
Shitbag signing in. I'd like my ban from this subreddit please.
F-35 software overrun with bugs, DoD testing chief warns. Director of OT&amp;E also worried about lack of security testing on critical maintenance software
International Fleet Review, Hosted by Indian Navy, Government of India, 2016.
British sniper investigated for not shouting warning in Iraq
The US Plans to Buy 500 Fighter Jets That Don't Work
Police drop charges against 25 Fort Riley soldiers arrested at house party
Report says VA mishandled thousands of veterans' documents sent to benefits office. 42,000 claims packages found piled in warehouse. "I have begged and pleaded with the VA Secretary to fix this. Congress has provided every resource he’s asked for"
North Korea says it has conducted hydrogen bomb test - CNN.com
Don’t Go To Jolo | Feature Article | a good read regarding the war on terror in the southern Philippines.
Pentagon Identifies Special Forces Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
India &amp; Pakistan border closing ceremony, enjoy.
Hot Deal On LEA &amp; PERRINS® Worcestershire Sauce!
"Motrin and water." Let's here some stories about how the military dropped the ball with your injuries.
Meet the First Out Trans Soldier in the U.S. Military
Former Navy SEAL Team Member Investigated for Bin Laden Disclosures. Kept Trophy Photo of Osama bin Laden’s Corpse on his Computer
Why are all Ships at port?
Career options with mental illness?
Raptor Reviews! Veteran MMJ Review of a 60mg Yilo Peanut Butter edible. For veteran-related pain relief of having to deal with the retards on /r/military
UK group speaks about exposing Walter Mittys aka Stolen Valour
U.S. Army seeks volunteers for 3-week MRE-only diet for study
Women in the military and their open promiscuity....
Military Officer Life?
Can you enlist while overseas?
Seeking advice on Air Force separation plans
My brother --Stolen Valor / Fake Iraq Vet
Help getting APO/DPO mail on retiree benefits
US plans to 'further accelerate' ISIS fight: Momentum or mixed messages?
SGM handed this down to everyone. Because a "good morning sir/ma'am" isn't good enough anymore.
Such a beautiful piece of history!
Now women need to seek those combat jobs (Opinion Column Maj John Spencer)
David Bray, CIO, FCC to speak at "Improving Budgets, Security and Organizational Focus through IT Modernization:" Free for Government / Military / Academic professionals
BREAKING: U.S. medevac helicopter responding to wounded U.S. Special forces has gone down in Afghanistan
Why Gender Neutral Boot Camp Makes Me Weep for My Beloved Marine Corps (x-post /r/USMC)
For a civilian, what is PTSD from combat like?
16, UK interested in the army
Okay guys, enough is enough. Either get your new banner up or stop flashing it every time one visits the forum.
Trump says that the two most mistreated groups in America are "our police and our veterans" (Link skips to 20:38; watch for 2 minutes)
How long does OPM have to finish an SSBI case?
Military books to read?
Lol spam email I just got. Hilarious. Subj: United States Marine Corps. SYRIA
Recruiters: Have you signed any women up for combat jobs yet?
[Discussion] Is the downsizing of our conventional forces really putting us in any risk?
Writing a Novel: What where your experiences like on convoys?
Where to get US Army/Navy style tshirts with shipping to EU?
Extreme G.I. Bill residency issue
World’s Most Expensive Jet Somehow Gets Worse
Drill Sergeant be like...
The courage and excellence of Britain's armed forces was celebrated at The Millies on Friday. Watch the whole show online via the Forces TV website...
Multirole Naval Platforms of the 21st Century
USA Marine Recon knocked out by Finnish Special ops
Helikon-Tex ® - jacket, patriot, gunfighter. Military clothes
What is this patch? It has a cut edge and no UV glow, so I place it WWII/Korea era, but I have no clue where it was worn. Is it a c-cap NCO badge (which I've never seen)? Quarter for scale. Someone please help me out!
Heritage: Chinese Military Announces Major Changes in Organization
Russian Military in the Arctic.
Navy looks to remove 'man' from all job titles
First Order After Action Review for Operations on Jakku. [MY SIDES!]
UK Iraq veterans 'may face prosecution' over alleged war crimes.
Do I have to remove the "US ARMY" patch from my dad's jacket to wear it in public?
Really cool video of The US Coast Guard Band performing at the Finest Hour premiere in LA
Marines. Whats some stereotypes about other military branches?
NATO considering U.S. request to provide AWACS surveillance planes to help fight Islamic State; since about 30 percent of personnel aboard NATO AWACS planes are German, deploying German personnel in combat zone would require approval from that country's parliament
Ex-Marine Can Wear Medals He Didn’t Earn. A Court Calls It Free Speech.
Putting myself out there (prior USAF and PMC)
My shit-bag "friend" gave me pizza that contained Cannabis as a "joke".
We're not doing the safe space thing.
Can someone make sense of these requests please?
Watch "going for a jolly in downtown gerask" on YouTube
GPS, Plan B: US Navy teaches celestial navigation as fallback for cyberattack / Boing Boing
The Department of Veterans Affairs' Big Problem With Patient Privacy and Whistleblowers. Deceased vets’ data has been sent to the wrong widows. Employees have snooped on the records of patients who’ve committed suicide. And whistleblowers say their own medical privacy has been violated
Found this Memorial on Imgur
A1 Internet Webhosting Cloud Harddisk Online Werkplek
Green Weenie Rex
I'm in need of some assistance from any one that can potentially ID where this jacket came from. It's something my grandfather brought back from Nam and I'm not too sure if the store is as true as said. I know that Danang was a base, but that's about it. He was a devil dog if that helps any.
An E6 in /r/personalfinance has discovered the secret to military relationships: It'll only go bad if you make dumbass lower enlisted mistakes.
[Military] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:noaagaaad
Victor I Class Nuclear-powered attack submarine
How the US Military's Fight Against the Islamic State Became 'Operation Inherent Resolve'
[Question] Is the ROTC helpful for me in colleges if I don't plan on pursuing a Military Career?
We are Jake Slager and Drew Ferrol, Duffel Blog Writers and co-founders of War Games LLC - Ask Us Anything!
Civilian Perception of Reversed Flag
Wounded Warrior Project accused of wasting donation money [CBS]
Heritage: No, Shrinking the Army Is Not A Good Option
Hey, I'm Sharon and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
France, India to strengthen counter-terror cooperation
Some things shouldn't have ever left the service.
5 Badass Schwarzkopf Quotes In Honor Of The 25th Gulf War Anniversary
Sand Testing An AR15, M1A, and MAS 49/56
Hiring independent contractor drivers for Texas and California perfect opportunities for former military
A Pakistani and an Indian Border Security Force officer shake hands.[3200 × 1779]
Pentagon Says Bombing Leaves ISIS in ‘Defensive Crouch’
China building second aircraft carrier - made entirely from domestic technology
Female WWII Pilots Barred From Arlington National Cemetery
Utah vets fighting to legalize medical marijuana amid wave of suicides, overdoses
Hillary Clinton 3AM Ad - Benghazi version
Tattoo days before MEPS
Do any of you combat arms folks, especially those that deployed, support a war against ISIS? Why or why not?
TOW IIs for videos scheme.
So I was debating on joining the military. But there may be a bit of a set-back.
Local Community wanting to employ veterans picking up trash on the highway.
Do the nuke guys in the Navy get undersea service ribbons?
The AF has a "Little brown book", which covers our enlisted force structure and expectations. Is there an Army and/or Navy equivalent?
Is it illegal for a civilian to buy a coast guard issued dry suit?
Weekly Newbie Question Thread for 01 / 03. Ask all questions related to joining the military here! All other threads will be deleted.
A few questions about what to send to my Friend that just shipped out for Navy Basic.
New DOD Regulations Confirm That OPSEC Doesn’t Apply To Everyone
British Legion calls for more research into Gulf War illnesses. "for reasons unknown to us, the MoD chose not to fund the second phase of research, and the results of phase one were never published"
India confirms order for IAF's Rafale deal with France
When the Ship's barber gets drunk (xpost /r/justfuckmyshitup)
Seeking Drivers $5000 Sign on Bonus for Delaware OH, perfect opportunities for former military
I want to believe: quitter's barracks at Camp MacKall named after Bergdahl
Woman unable to return to air force academy due to injuries.... sustained while lifting a burning truck off her dad, driving it away from the house while it was on fire, and then attempting to put fire out with hose once everyone was safe. (nbcwashington.com)
Breaking the Chains of Command: Anarchist Veterans of the US Military
Was going to show you guys some highspeed cupcakes the wife saw on youtube, but now I can't seem to find them.
North Korea may be readying for thermonuclear weapon tests, South Korean military says.
Sarah Palin blames Obama for son Track's PTSD and arrest
Threatened but not attempted suicide to my mom when I was 13 and got hospitalized for about an hour and now want to join the United States Army.. please help
How do you feel about the Army Reserve ?
How much of an identity commitment is the military?
U.S. Military Now In Control of Syrian Air Base
Wounded Warrior Project reportedly accused of wasting donor money
What submarine is this?
After Overpayment Of Benefits, VA Wanted $38,000 Back
Not even America has an army like them! (actual song quote)
RBE2 radar Rafale Active Antenna begins its improvements
Edge of Google Maps's "blur zone" around Vandenburg AFB.
Seeking Functional Manpower Program Analyst (Manpower Programmer) for VA
Zero Hedge: Putin Names US As Threat To Russian National Security In New Strategy Document
Never been so happy to get SHARP [x-post /r/HistoryPorn]
Russian Su-34 on the Way to Become Export Bestseller
You want tank school stories? AT-ST has tank school stories
Iran frees US Navy sailors held in Iran
Charles de Gaulle : Greyhound C3-2A landed on the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle
Training pics of some Indian Army recruits.
Shooter at Naval Medical Center San Diego
Anyone else have awkward situations like this involving higher ranks or is it just me? (Thanks Timehop)
Would you guys approve of Coed showers?
Which branch do you think suits me?
UK Royal Marines
National monument to honor Native American veterans
Why do SWCCs need to know freefall technique? At most, they jump into the water from a helo at 20 ft, after their craft, to provide transport/ heavy machine gun support for SEALS?
We called it, "Afghan Darts"
USNI Blog » Blog Archive » Politicizing Navigation
Wearing unearned medals is protected by 1st Amendment, appeals court rules
Textron AirLand’s Scorpion: A Smart Gamble
Are any of you guys receiving food stamps?
This photo was taken by a soldier in Afghanistan of a helicopter rescue mission.
New Orleans continues it commitment to house homeless veterans
Joining the military as a father?
Any rules against US Military being brand ambassadors or endorsing products?
[Question] Iraq/Afghanistan albums?
Cold weather sock recommendations
U.S. Navy commander pleads guilty in corruption scandal
Since I know they will never abandon their post. Guys hit me up I owe you all a drink, this is going to be one hell of a storm.
Special IG rips Pentagon for wasting $800M in Afghanistan. The Defense Department has largely been unwilling or unable to cooperate with investigators' requests about spending in Afghanistan, saying that it does not maintain the institutional knowledge to answer questions about the program
Capri Sun innovator gives $16 million to Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
US Navy Ships racing
Video of 'El Chapo' raid.
I had the honor of presenting the flag to my grandma this last weekend at my grandpas funeral.
What's the 401K shit I'm hearing all about
AR500 Armor Builds Mandalorian Ballistic Armor
The US Navy's surface combatants and what they can do
Dutch marines get in contact with pirateship, firefight on water breaks out, new video
Join the Army, She Will Be the Most Beautiful Female Soldier
What is life like for single junior officers?
I'd (17F) like a career in intellegence for the airforce or marines. Where do I need to do?
Can someone really use your chain of command to tattle on you? How does that effect your livelihood?
Question: Contractors and reservists
AMA request: Kylo Ren's squad leader
Russian T-14 ARMATA documentary, now with english subs
Militarization of humanitarian aid is irresponsible and misguided
Today is my 10th cakeday. I wanted to share an article about my grandfather.
101st Airborne Monument in Bastogne
Wounded Warriors Again. FYI
Former Marine released from Iran after four and a half years cites military training for his strength, "Didn't want to let his fellow Marines down"
Missiles :USA and Japan are preparing to produce interceptors missiles
Many here can relate. Repost from /r/funny
Do you have thoughts about the functionality of the Iraqi Army? Are these thoughts based on personal experience? Submit them here!
How does pay period work?
Are there any military police on here?
Was this guy legit?
What kind of funny, strange, weird military slang exists in your army?
non- military person here, I wonder what you int he military think of this training? Navy Uses US Citizens as Pawns in Domestic War Games
Just another day for Ukrainian Armor
Dutch Commando Cleaning His HK416 in Mali
A Warrior's Walk: Cheyenne Marine vet walking the perimeter states of the country for veterans causes
Russian Military unveils ADVANCED T 90MS Main Battle Tank
7 days ago, two military helicopters collided at night over open ocean resulting in 12 missing Marines. After finding only empty life rafts, the search has been called off.
USAF making it rain during campaign against ISIS
Today's 'Human of New York' is a recent vet.
China shows ADVANCED technology in military drill US military keeping a watchful eye on china
Mom Has A Repairman Fix Her Furnace. What He Wrote On The Bill About Her Deployed Husband? It's Going Viral.
When a military operation is jointly executed by NATO (e.g. Yugoslavia 1999), how are go orders passed down the chain of command?
DUTCH MARINES VS PIRATES NEW VIDEO COMBAT
How To Get Into An Ivy League School After You Get Out Of The Military
USA is a terrorist state.
SWCC- more physically demanding than sEALs?
Pre-deployment proposal at disney.
How many ISIS fighters had the French Foreign Legion killed since the Paris attacks?
Whats your favorite way to tell someone they're jacked up?
Need advice transition from active army to army reserve/guard
Georgia Police Officer Indicted for Murder of Unarmed Black Man (Victim was USAF Veteran suffering from PTSD)
Libya II... I kid you not.
Those left behind – Army veteran discusses combat service with Vietnamese Rangers
Ooh, that's a low blow.
12 Marines feared dead after aircraft collision last night
Coursera class credit update
Marine vet, Congressman calls SecNav "a greater threat" to USMC than ISIS
Hiring Event For Local City Drivers &amp; Dock Workers, Henderson, CO
Iran has seized two US Navy vessels
Banning all Navy personnel and Muslims
As a civvie...can anyone explain why we had 2 F35 booms this week?
I've got a possibly trivial question for US Navy members, if you have a minute.
Does anyone know the ins and outs on the Army College Fund aka GI Bill Kicker?
Weapons Wednesday
How do soldiers get past the fear of being killed when they are in a firefight ?
Global market for military ground robots Market is expected to reach a total market value of US$10.2 billion by 2021
That's one dark joke. (Story in comments)
Battle of Do Ab - Wikipedia. One of my favorite battles in Afghanistan was by a National Guard unit?
Seeking Vice President Operations for Lebanon NH, perfect opportunity for former military
MARSOC ✪ USMC Special Operations Command
VA Failed To Spend $1.9 Billion Designated For Vet Healthcare
Nimitz class aircraft carrier
"You don't surf" style comic make me laugh
Pentagon Will Extend Military Honors to Drone Operators Far From Battles
Any military options for super bowl tickets?
Sorry murica. but this beats your military ads easily!
Visiting between Military Training?
Loan consolidation for veterans?
In the movie "Black Hawk Down", it occasionally shows somali soldiers standing in the middle of the fucking street while shooting at the Rangers. is that just shitty acting, or is that something you are likely to find in those kind of untrained soldiers?
Effective immediately, we are no longer allowing any mockery or poking fun at the Marine Corps.
Air Force Withheld Nuclear Mishap From Pentagon Review Team
Washington state lawmaker alters bio after questions raised about war record
How to piss of a sniper.
So the women on the view know more about my job than me...
Ernest Yazhe, Navajo Code Talker, dies in Utah at age 92
In Norwegian winter training you use three pair of gloves. This is what happens if you forget one, and only use two pairs.
Are Navy Intelligence Officers allowed into Individual Augmentee?
Pentagon Unable to Explain How $800 Million Program in Afghanistan Failed
Free Coursera Certificate Sources for Veterans
BAE Systems’ 'The Cloak of Invisibility' is a unique camouflage system to avoid detection by thermal sensor systems.
Unusual activity occurred in several brain regions whenever combat veterans with PTSD looked at images only vaguely similar to an original trauma. This suggests treatment strategies could be improved by focusing on tangential triggers and not just the trauma itself, say researchers.
Bangladesh Army Commissioned Officer Circular 2016 – Free Job Posting, Job Search, Career Advisor &amp; Hiring Resource
I just got a mail from US selective service, I'm not a citizen and nor do I plan on trying for it. Is this an error?
To those who thought I wouldn't make it.
Letting transgender individuals serve openly spring 2016
Question about Chief Warrant Officer 2
I just found $15 worth of pogs (the paper coins from KAF). Anyone know of where I can use these?
army duffle as checked baggage
What kind of writing is done in the Navy/Armed Forces? (College Assignment about future Career writing)
How do you deal with dickhead fellow vets?
What are the best items to recieve in a care package from friends and family?
What should I expect out of Korea as an Infantryman?
Enlisted e2 navy active, in a squadron and blood pressure was high, what will happen to me if it continues?
Humvee's 50.cal jams at the worst possible moment......
Is a secret sniper killing off Isil's high command in Libya?
The Battle of Brisbane
I wish I had enough money to be this tacticool
US Military Wants Smaller and More Stable Atomic Clocks
This is a marching scene from Full Metal Jacket. It's pretty funny.
Polandball's Tank Recognition Guide (x-post from polandball)
VIDEO: Iran state TV footage of moment of arresting 2 US boats by Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard
Marine arrested in Arizona in connection with fatal shooting at the University of North Texas
UPI: China announces military reforms
World's Best Military Elite Forces | Sri Lanka LRRP | Special Forces Documentary
This photo was taken by a soldier in Afghanistan of a helicopter rescue mission.
Questions about the ROTP program at RMC. [CANADA]
We're looking for someone with css experience
Looking for advice on enlisted to warrant officer program
Stories from the Swiss Army [Sgt/Lt][NSFW-ish]
Little Help with a Project
A Shameful State of (Veteran) Affairs (aka SHAME.... SHAME.. SHAME...)
The Royal British Legion is urging the UK government to fund more research into Gulf War Syndrome, a condition reported to have affected thousands of British and US veterans. But why has no one ever properly explained it?
[Military] I'm sad! I kill his ex-girlfriend! She fucks with everyone! Bitch...
How can someone stay so calm???(Read from bottom to top)
US Navy Fighter Plane Dogfights a Japanese Floatplane - WWII Pacific
This is some next level shit. Promote this man.
La tazza di MNFI / MNFI mug
Army cites deep flaws at biodefense lab that shipped live anthrax
The badass-ness of the US Navy's surface combatants
N. Korea Says its H-bomb ‘Capable of Wiping out U.S.A at Once’
IDF unites elite units under new Commando Brigade
Forbes Now: Defense Spending Forecast To Increase After 2016 Election
Defense chief Ash Carter: U.S. would double paid maternity leave for new mothers in the military from six to 12 weeks; paid benefit for new fathers would increase from 10 to 14 days; and more
Report of 'active shooter' at Navy medical center in San Diego
Navy lore: If you are masturbating on a vessel you can summon Ghost_Raptor by saying "Faggot, Faggot, Faggot" and winking after and he will appear and finish you off on his face
Trying to Help fellow Vets
I am currently halfway through SFQC, and nearing SERE. I am 24, rest of classmates are 30+. Worried I might not have that certain brain chemical for stress.
Major change to weekly noobie thread starting tomorrow!!
Missing marines involved in helicopter crash in Hawaii, are declared dead. (Very Sad.)
Even sooner: Project T'Rex
A Visual History of the Tank, from da Vinci's Notebook to Now
Commander Relieved For Violating Entire UCMJ
Range 15 the movie by Mat Best and the Article 15 crew
Calls For More Research Into Gulf War Illnesses
Navy strike group commander fired for viewing porn at work - HAHAHAHAHAH
BBC Military Army 2015 | Secret Largest Submarines In The World Discovery Channel
A member of the Washington National Guard is vocally supporting the militia currently occupying federal land in Oregon.
Seeking Submarine Engineering Technicians for Norfolk, VA
Seeking a Technical Project Manager for Seaside CA, Perfect Opportunity For Former Military
Textron System to Supply SCTV Armored Vehicles to Ukraine
Road Rage woman who killed SWCC Chief to face trial for 2nd degree murder.
Do any of you know of any good military tech/weapons podcasts?
This is how accidents happen
Deployment experience-females
Threatened (not attempted) suicide to my mom when I was 13 and got hospitilized for about an hour.. and now want to join the United States Army.
Joining Military as an Officer but deciding between Navy and Marine Corps.
What's your experience of the armed forces?
Veterans, active duty, and military families needed for psychology dissertation research
My father (Ret-military) Seems to be drinking himself to death. I'm not sure how to help.
Former Gurkhas are struggling to survive this bleak winter after earthquakes hit Nepal last year...
The darkest place a veteran can be. [Anonymous transition story]
British troops Afghanistan IED disposal goes wrong. (x-post from /r/CombatFootage)
If Turkey and Russia went to war
World War II Veteran Bob Ashburn recalls witnessing the gruesome aftermath of the Bloody Battle of Tarawa as an 18-year-old teenager [Audio]
Inside Selous: The incredible African game reserve few have heard of
Saudi Arabia to Provide $22 Billion to Morocco’s Military Industry | Sahara Question
I have a question about weather, Its -23°C with 85% humidity over much of Latvia right now.....made me wonder, what's the coldest environment you ever had to live in while you were serving and how was your experience?
The Fort Stewart PX has a drinking problem.
Active Shooter @ Naval Center in San Diego
My brother got offered a place in field artillery, What are the pros and cons
Question on military disqualifications.
A former Department of Veterans Affairs hospital director was paid $86,000 to resign after it was determined he had retaliated against a whistle-blowing subordinate who reported him for doing little work
Found this on USS LastShip
The green weenie musta been hard on him that week. That beautiful salute to colors, am I right
More Air Force drones are crashing than ever as mysterious new problems emerge
US plans to increase number of troops in Iraq
To the Blackhawk guy from yesterday, I was in Camp Fuji a few months ago. Not a bad view from ground level either...
Reverse the decision to open combat roles to women. I refuse to have my brothers die in the name of political correctness
Regional Driving Work Springfield MO, perfect opportunities for former military
Save on Southern Comfort!!!
U.S. court finds wearing unearned military medals is free speech
The beards are fake. Like your motivation.
China Honors 1st Infantry Battalion to N Africa Nation
Thanks for the help VA
Pentagon probes how civilian lived for months in Fort Bragg barracks
[Military] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
The guy's story that provided the basis for the film U-571 has died - First bloke to storm a Nazi U-boat and seize an enigma machine for the Allies
[Probably a shitpost] Not sure if this is appropriate, but a civvie friend sent this to me utterly confused.
Agent Orange impacting descendants of Vietnam veterans?
Pogojet: A new compact &amp; lightweight non-lethal weapon
