Anyone live in the Galaxy in Guttenberg
Places to eat in Newark (near the PAC)?
The floodwaters in Little Egg Harbor are freezing over and turning into icebergs
Lakewood construction to hit record levels in 2016.
Found these local match books in an old coat of mine
http://www.nj.com/entertainment/index.ssf/2016/01/video_350_plus_new_jersey_state_flags.html
Who elected this guy?
A group of big hotels, Atlantic City, New Jersey, ca. 1905.
One fewer contender for best pork roll (or Taylor ham) in NJ :-(
"Shorehenge" monument is illegal
Looking for communiversity information
New to the area/country/snow thing: So at what point do you go shovel snow off the foot path?
Long story short, my friends and I have 5 extra tickets to the UFC in Newark Saturday night.
Anyone plowing snow in Monmouth county?
School Project - Online Wedding Industry Research
Yesterdays Sunset taken from atop One WTC - 1.21.16
KKK fliers found in Red Bank, Fair Haven
Port Newark/Port Elizabeth longshoremen walk off job due to labor dispute
Christie returning to N.J. ahead of blizzard. Oooooo now he cares
“We survive”: Homeless in NJ
Christie is...denying saying things he definitely said, and claiming to have done things he definitely didn't do, and to have not done things that he previously swore he did do. It's bizarre, not least because it's very very easy to prove that Christie's lying.
‘Breaking Bad,’ ‘Flawless,’ heroin found on Morris County teens
China ends one-child policy, couples allowed 2 kids from today
Top companies which pay more than $50,000 salary in New Jersey
The rent on my Morristown apartment is increasing 20%
what type of job is easier to get in new jersey. local government (state or county) or federal government
Looking for a room to rent with a dog.
Looking at houses in Nutley. What are your thoughts about it?
Dang, did your main streets look like THIS? In Parsippany/Danville the streets are spotless by now
Police investigate 2 possible child luring attempts in South Jersey - be careful out there
Bridgwater checking in
Toto selected to city council in Atlantic County; opposition grows among flying monkeys
Historic blizzard could break N.J. records with up to 3 feet of snow now likely
Controversy engulfs Bergen County church; officials praise deeds; ex-members call it a cult
Snowed in. Bergen county.
Christie's pocket veto leaves New Jersey's smoking age at 19
ACLU threat ends 'God bless America' tradition at Haddon Heights school
Christie vetoes smart gun bill
Re-watching The Sopranos is making me strangely homesick for New Jersey.
Landlord fixing ventilation in Apt
Recommendations for independent car repair/service near Princeton
Inflatable Bounce House Rental New Jersey
Fulop &amp; Sweeney vow to try to stall attempts to bring development to Liberty State Park
MAYOR BARAKA EXTENDS TRAVEL BAN UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE - City of Newark, NJ - City Hall
New Jersey has some of the best drivers in the country!
Friends Cast Reunion Coming to NBC in Sunday, Feb. 21
Good morning Somerville
A 78-year-old woman was found dead in her car Monday morning after she told a Burger King worker she was too scared to drive her car home to New York in the snow Friday night.
New Jersey Says Releasing Dead Dolphin's Autopsy Would Infringe Its Privacy
Good Samaritan Rescues 6-Year-Old Boy In Raccoon Attack
Who knew Aunt Viv was from N.J.? She blasts Will and Jada Pinkett Smith for Oscar boycott
Chris Christie Campaign Costs Topping $1 Million Could Fall To New Jersey Taxpayers : NPR
[newjersey] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Trader Joe's in Westfield suffers roof collapse from weight of snow
Need help with figuring out where to move. Don't know NJ at all.
Can anything be done about panhandlers in Newark Penn?
Attorney for small business (Paramus area)
Movers in the Monmouth County area?
8 best things to do in N.J. this weekend
Cultural and recreational events in New Jersey, Jan. 16 through 24
Little gate, Princeton University, 1903.
would any of the ladies wear this if their man bought it for them? it looks pretty chill and its only $5
Father indicted for toddler death in Haddon Township
Edison cop fired in lingerie scandal will be reinstated.
Does anyone know how many characters are allowed for a last name on a NJ Driver's license?
No NWK-JSQ service through at least the end of the morning rush Tues 1/26
Fire at The Station restaurant in Bernardsville
What are the best hot dog joints in the state?
Pizzerias that gave a good tomato basil garlic slice?
Got pulled over and got two tickets...
Today at work.
Sunset Panorama - Washington Valley Park (Bridgewater, NJ)
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:asiaanitalsasosgaaaal
'Snowmobile' driver ticketed in Howell, NJ
Downtown #Somerville #NJ during Jonas #blizzard #theta360
Why Rutgers wants $98M from N.J.
Powerball Mixup Leaves Restaurant Staff Heartbroken Over Lotto Letdown
Abandoned gas station in Maplewood, NJ
North Bergen man charged with knocking out victim during robbery
Got a job in NYC but planning in living in NJ and commuting to NYC. Anyone else do this and could give me tips?
Why was my outside trash kins lids stolen?
Sledding Near South Bound Brook
WeatherNJ posted a video explaining the upcoming storm
Just moved to Somerville and looking to host some board game nights at my new place!
After New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoes aid, Atlantic City eyes bankruptcy
My neighbor in a blizzard
The NY Times reports that Gov. Christie's ambitions have shrunk in NJ while he is running to become the next POTUS.
Breaking news: The Fat-Ass will actually be in NJ for a snow storm
3 New N.J. Laws That You Need To Know After The Blizzard - Kids Who Ski Need Helmets!
Anyone looking to get plowed in Central Jersey?
Saudi-Iran crisis
Historic Hobey Baker Rink panorama (Princeton vs Union - Jan. 8, 2016)
New Jersey Art And Antique Movers
Bon Jovi-backed community kitchen closes in Union Beach
35 NJ bands you must hear in 2016
NJ, don't forget that we are stronger than the snowstorm
RVL trains are 45+ minutes delayed, Departurevision is showing no info, Twitter is updated
PSA: When removing snow from your property, don't throw it/snowblow it back into the street!
Anybody know a good Chex-Mex place?
Nursery Schools in North Jersey
Yeshiva group files suit against Ocean Township
Sidewalk not shoveled outside city department handing out tickets for not shoveling
I just started a campaign for an EPIC food fight for a good cause - take a look!
Boston Market Fundraiser
what is the best way to commute to Jersey City, coming from hackensack?
N.J. girl dreams up #1000BlackGirlBooks movement
limodirectory.us
Abe Vigoda - died in Wesr Paterson (excuse me Woodland Park). RIP you funny son of a gun
[newjersey] I'm sad! I kill his ex-girlfriend! She fucks with everyone! Bitch...
Some Bayonne residents oppose plan for Muslim community center
Just saw a video of this in New Jersey. Anyone have photos that they've taken in the campus area?
Christie vetoes controversial smart gun bill
[x-post /r/ska] Ska in Trenton Sunday!
Does anybody workout at night?
Snowboarding/skiing next Saturday (2/6) at Camelback - Group discount rate, beginners welcome
Fraudulent Fundraising calls for Police, Fire, and Paramedics
At Least 24 Killed in Snowstorm-Related Deaths
Shooting threat aimed at Lincoln High School in JC. Serious or not, this needs attention.
Paterson teacher charged in sex case involving fifth-grade girl released on bail
Dirty Little Secrets: In Your Fish (Story about Passaic River)
Tweets too short? Twitter considers 10,000 characters: Report
The Best SEO Search Engine Marketing Services in the New Jersey, New York City tri-state area!
See all flags NJ.com readers cooked up in state flag competition.
PHOTO: Apparent Anti-Semitic Lawn Signs in Jackson Shock Jews, Non-Jews Alike
Racial sensitivities? No USA 'props' at Morris Hills game vs. largely Latino school
Even after a blizzard takes away a bunch of parking spaces, this cunt shows up at the Kings in Bedminster
Blizzard Watch, New Jersey 2016
Any suggestions where to find a job with a computer science degree?
Politico ranks the states: NJ is 5th best in annual income &amp; reading scores, and 4th in poverty, infancy survivals, &amp; math scores
How the hell wasn't this posted yet: North Wildwood is completely flooded and underwater. And I am not talking an inch. (Link to official North Wildwood Police Facebook.)
Exhibition of Speed or Exhibition of Acceleration Laws in NJ
Hey, I'm Tina and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Robbinsville HS wrestler details bullying, repeated attacks by teammate
Tender assault
A reminder to everyone: DON'T SHOVEL MORE THAN YOU CAN HANDLE. Three NYC residents have already died from heart attacks shoveling snow.
2015 NJ property taxes increased at quickest rate in 4 years, up $537 million
Custom house built by my dad and I. We are having an open house this Sunday, 1/10 from 10AM-4PM. People are always looking for places to live on this sub so I figured it was okay to post.
[Pic] Chris Christie cutting taxes
Check out these gorgeous vintage A.C. postcards just released by the NY Public Library
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie called for a state takeover of distressed gambling hub Atlantic City, according to media reports on Tuesday.
hey hey NJ fam! just thought I'd share this coupon for a FREE necklace. regular price $19.99 use code: JAROFHEARTS at checkout. perfect valentines day gift. enjoy!
What are the county commitee seats up for election each June? They are usually the two positions at bottom of ballot
Christie's State of the State is happening tonight. This is pretty much what I'm expecting him to say.
I hate my scumbag neighbors.
Looking for a gym with the pool in Northern New Jersey?
Turnpike preference: Cars Only or Cars/Trucks/Buses?
New Jersey State Lottery Law
Princeton Half Marathon - Sunday 11/6 (Redditor Discount Available!)
Looking for a Bar with Ping Pong Tables in North Jersey
The Silverball Museum was rated as one of the best arcades in the country!
Eli Manning's Hoboken, NJ Smart Home is for Sale ($5.2million)
Asbury Park police chief took city car to Florida
New Hudson rail tunnel project would dwarf initial plan
Judge rules that Margate firefighter &amp; lifeguard convicted of shoplifting will lose both of his public jobs.
Share a Picture of the Snow Storm
Student/Intern Looking for Apartment
Live in Centrail New Jersey, any cool towns/places/parks you recommend visiting?
Best place in NJ to travel to NY Penn Station daily?
Buying a car from a friend, how much should I put as the value for tax purposes?
Is 20% too much of a tip in this state?
The Curious Candidate: What it's like to Follow Chris Christie for Five Years
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my dtt
Darkened highways pose extra danger
Bomb threats received at nine northern New Jersey schools
NJ Piano Moving Services
[newjersey] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:alnlttaidgdasa
How to check road conditions without going outside?
Magician for kid party
Jesus christ, this storm is still going? I went to bed thinking it'd be over. Nope. It's almost a whiteout outside again.
Borgata planning a massive outdoor pool complex
Manhattan from Jersey City Exchange Place Pier
Petition to reform (remove) car Tint Laws?
Anti-Israel tweets send N.J. high school student to principal's office
How well are roads plowed in Northern Bergen County/Rockland after snow Storms?
Chris Christie was confident the government could fix Atlantic City. He was wrong.
Frozen Delaware River from last year, hope it freezes again soon
First Murder hits North Arlington since... Ever?
Have you no sense of decency, Governor Christie?
Jecker's General Store, West Milford ~ circa 1940
Freeholder pitches Ocean County to film and TV industries
Fair Lawn, New Jersey Residents Baffled By Booming Noises In Night
From the Morristown area? Help out Eric Glover, your friendly neighborhood ticket taker at the HQ Plaza AMC Theater. Even his own family didn't know that he has been homeless for the last 10 months.
6.7 Magnitude Earthquake again
Kean University Bans 'Hoverboards'
How a New Jersey Teenager Was Railroaded by Her School for Being Pro-Palestine
I think the movie "Fight Club" was set in South Jersey.
Are your local ponds freezing and is anyone skating on them?
Elizabeth NJ to Wall St
Anything going on in the Hasbrouck Heights area this weekend?
Christie rushes back to New Hampshire to root on New England Patriots
Gov. Christie was outside of NJ on 261 days last year as he campaigns for president
Started this Instagram project in June 2015 to display beauty of NJ and now it's growing more than ever! Thanks!
Feds unveil long-awaited plan for Paterson's Great Falls national park
Monmouth county. pretty much exactly a foot.
Worst part about first snow is inexperienced/forgetful drivers. Please give your self some extra time and don't forget following basics!
Does anyone know why a summons for not having the registration for a registered vehicle is more than 3x as expensive as driving an unregistered vehicle?
Camden county: jury duty question
Amazon orders in Avenel - question?
Cultural and recreational events in New Jersey, Jan. 30 through Feb. 7
"we hate jews and will do anything to keep them out" meeting to be held by toms river township thursday 5pm town hall
Pathankot airbase attack: Pakistan arrests
'Sopranos' star Jamie Lynn Sigler has M.S.; hid illness while on show, report says
NJ Music Industry Networking Mixer - January 26, 2016 (Clifton, NJ)
"Be prepared! 30+ Centimeters of snow! Get your 3G/4G internet ready! Order your pizzas! Order your Chinese food! DO IT RIGHT NOW!
Controversial topic: blocking parking spaces when it snows.
Nj law question
Any suggestions for a Paramus area date night restaurant?
Where can I donate books?
Want to say thanks to NJ DOT Safety Service Patrol
Why is everyone so rude/indifferent in NJ?
I'm done shoveling!! And here is my little reward. :D
Doherty’s “Right to Shovel” law enacted in time for winter storm
New Jersey Transit resuming service
Unioninzed Lakewood snow-plowing crews were AWOL during storm
In Response to New Jersey Transit's Threat to Strike: Let's Hope Someone Steps Up.
Where to get cartilage piercing?
Training in Orangeburg (NY) and Northvale (NJ) until Feb. 5, where should I go on the weekends w\limited funds?
Rock and Roll Tourism in the Garden State?
Anyone flying out of Newark terminal A today? Can you help find a lost toy?
Lukoil station in Red Bank/Tinton Falls area overcharging for gas
Ex-Waldwick cop jailed for working while claiming disability
Aerial view of Newark.
Maple Shade NJ is home to one of the best auto salon's in the country.
Hi /r/newjersey, Recently engaged and was wondering if I can get any recommendations on places that make Wedding cakes?
Free NJ Transit Bus ticket to Zone 13
Any place hiring near Deptford NJ?
Crude oil cheaper than drinking water
Christie not concerned about flooding.
Fire at historic bar, Hillcrest Tavern, in Bridgeton
New Jersey events for the weekend of January 22th–24th, because it's never too early to start planning the weekend
Just over a year ago today, my uncle was run over by a dump truck. He's in good spirits but being run over is expensive, and he needs your help. If you like poker, we're running a tournament/fundraiser in his honor, Saturday night, in Montclair. Free drinks, food, and music too.
Owen’s Outrageous Food Fight for a Cause
A David Bowie Salute at the Strand Theater in Lakewood tomorrow night (1/29)
Parking in Sayerville
"Jan 20: Snow Map for Weekend Winter Storm" by WeatherNJ
First it snowed, then it flooded, now we are having earthquakes. Welcome to NJ!
New Jersey drivers may soon have to pump their own gas
Atlantic/Ventnor City Photos...
The Strange and Compelling Beauty of NJ’s Abandoned Gas Stations
Paterson gym teacher arrested for sexually assaulting 10-year-old girl
Willowbrook Mall boob busted for shoplifting bras. Check back later as we keep you abreast of this story
Massage parlor... wink wink
NJ Transit Zones - How do they work?
I give up! Too Much snow!
House of Independents - Asbury Park
Aerial America: New Jersey (Full Episode)
Edison 'outraged' by judge's order to give lingerie cop his gun and badge back
Heroin laced with pesticide making way through N.J.
Agreement reached on northern New Jersey casino measure
Get free webcam show! Just for registered users, and please, 18+ [newjersey]
Here's a picture from Cape May. Have a nice day!
The State of Chris Christie's New Jersey, in Six Charts.
Bernie Sanders Campaign Organizing Staff Coming to Jersey City on January 9th @ 11AM. Come join and learn how you can help the movement. x-post /r/NewJerseyforSanders
This might be a long shot, but anyone on here interested in being a goalie for a roller hockey league?
In regards to plowing, does it seem like NJ just said fuck the side roads this storm?
Somerville during the blizzard
Car found in Passaic River belongs to missing Passaic woman, cops say
Bernie Sanders' NJ Campaign Kick-Off Tonight: Parlin, 7pm, Wednesday 1/27
Chris Christie dancing
Tanker truck in accident with fire on route 80
Help support Eric "Fluffy" Glover - Morristown's Ticket Taker
Hoboken New Jersey History and Cartography (1881)
Trenton Makes Bridge at Dusk
NJ Might Mandate School Recess
Pa. residents fighting Trenton-Mercer flyovers ask town for money
31 hurt when New Jersey Transit bus crashes into tree in Newark
Hows living near the train tracks in Morristown?
NJ Transit Train Ticket - Is there no more Peak / Off-Peak?
Reporters &amp; Research
NJ will have largest mall in the USA, complete with amusement park!
N.J. Transit Trains Break Down at Rate Four Times U.S. Average
When you've been shoveling for 45 minutes straight and finally see your first sign of blacktop
BIG GREEN EGG pork butt PRE BLIZZARD 2016 NJ. Doing some low n slow BBQ/smoking to celebrate our blizzard. Stay safe and warm NJ PEEPS
One of the oldest and most historic churches in West Orange was gutted by fire this morning.
[SRS] What type of people actually go to Olive Garden?
Where to live, job in Hamilton?
Paramus IKEA open on MLK day?
Garden State Plaza in Paramus on a Sunday
Using friend's E-Pass Account to dispute unpaid toll fee?
Malapardis, NJ
Anyone's street not plowed yet?
Can someone explain the process of getting a state job in new Jersey.
Proposed amendment to New Jersey state constitution
Living near Rahway
8 best things to do in N.J. this weekend
Massive Blizzard to Hit New Jersey on Saturday January 23, 2016 --weather report from Nova Scotia
Rutgers NB students walking to class (school wasn't cancelled despite dangerous conditions)
The holidays are gone, and this season was the last for this famous house in my town. [MEDFORD]
NJ bill proposed: Should community service count for high school credit?
Man, this bastard is damn lucky New Jersey doesn't have a death penalty
What's going to happen with the Bayshore oddity known as Shorehenge?
Big snowstorm this weekend?
H1N1 flu virus kills
Politico ranks the states: NJ is 5th best in annual income &amp; reading scores, and 4th in poverty, infancy survivals, &amp; math scores. Ranked 12th overall
Ordinance that doesn't exist?
Anyone know of rural-ish communities with cute downtowns?
Looking for open flame grilled burgers. Where can I go?
Restaurant suggestions in Central Jersey?
New Jersey Blizzard Situation Live I am submitting resources and advisories, news that will my neighbors in my state of NJ. Greetings from New Jersey. Message me to join.
Ever wanted to have an EPIC food fight?
This Strange Phenomenon In A New Jersey Town Is Too Weird For Words
Tom Moran calls out Christie's flood-problem denial
[Metanewjersey]I love to undress on camera
Howell woman faces fines for nursing baby squirrels
UPDATE: Missing 17-year-old Anna Quan found unharmed!
Looking for a CSA in the Flemington area. Any suggestions?
Places to run near MSU?
Looking for restaurant in Middlesex county area that serves 'bao'
Construction of the Public Service Gas and Electric building, Downtown Newark, 1915
Newark and New York
BIG GREEN EGG before and after Snow Storm 2016 NJ
7 best things to do in N.J. this weekend
American Dream operator Triple Five may have interest in a Casino at the Meadowlands
NJ woman admits to mixing antifreeze in elderly patient's drink, causing her death
Macy's planning to close stores, including the one in South Plainfield
20 Best Public High Schools in New Jersey
I am ready for this fucking storm
Group stages food fight to help gastroenterology research
Matty Carlock - Meet Me On The Parkway (Official Music Video)
What would you say is New Jersey's main unofficial anthem?
Where are you getting snowed in at?
What is PSE&amp;G doing proactively to address loss of power due to this storm?
Vintage photos of clubs and music venues in N.J.
Chris Christie’s Absences From New Jersey Are Being Noticed
Light of Day Foundation 2016 Surfer's Garage Benefit for Parkinson Disease. Feat. The legendary Beach Nuts. Wonder Bar in Asbury Park. $16. Guaranteed fun on a bun.
Check out the Snow Men! Snow removal service for east Brunswick surrounding area
Unpub Mini Event at The Gamer's Realm in East Windsor
Metallic Epoxy in NJ
Police-involved shooting being investigated in Newark, New Jersey.
Best Site Online! Find Your Girls for sex! my stl
Ah, I love watching the sunrise.
NJ Class at its finest.
Actor faces jail time over prop gun used on movie shoot
Waldwick schools on lockdown after suspicious message found in bathroom
Free all day and night, i want to have fun 22
[newjersey] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
NJ Teacher Claims She Was Fired Because She’s Muslim. But Here’s What the Students Said: Hashem was anti-Israel and “attempting to instill anti-Semitic views in students.”
New Jersey Soup
Does anyone know if Robert wood Johnson provides private room for overnight post op?
Fulop mentioned in "The Economist": "Things are going eerily well for Steven Fulop"
First NJ Transit Train of the Day
Time for the Edison Police internal affairs to step aside | Editorial
Are there any bars that play trivia night on Saturdays nights on North or Central New Jersey (I realize it's not that common)?
Missing 17-year old: Anna Qian
Buying a house in NJ? Relocating from NYC and need help!
Looking for a gym in the Bridgewater area with a Prowler Sled
Photoshop job of the day
N.J. bill would shield all police video, recordings of 911 calls from public view
Boardwalk, Atlantic City, New Jersey, 1908.
Chocolate bacon martini, anyone? Here's 11 ways to celebrate Bacon Week in A.C.
What's the newest town in Monmouth County?
Wondering where the Uber drivers are?
Snowmobiling in NJ/NY?
Scarlet Pub show tonight!
Summer jobs in Seaside Heights
Any NJ home buying resources recommended?
What are some scary/spooky places to go to? Some "weird nj" type of stuff
Hilltop Day School releasing variable tuition
Jersey Mike's Subs opens in Hillsborough tomorrow
Historic Morristown with a lively downtown: Residents come to the north-central town for its convenient commute and pedestrian-friendly, walkable community
Christie lets bill to prevent child lead-poisoning expire
New brewery ready to be trendsetter in Asbury Park
NewJersey rejects freedom of information request on necropsy on dead dolphin, citing medical privacy.
The Historic Navesink Twin Lights Lighthouse Located in Highlands, NJ Is A Must Visit!
More than likely Earthquake occurrence in South Jersey (Gloucester &amp; Atlantic Counties)
Getting Married, need help
Question about lost License out of state
Cop was justified using deadly force in fatal N.J. shooting, prosecutor says
NJ mom faces possible fines and jail time for raising injured squirrel
Atlantic Avenue, Atlantic City, New Jersey, 1908.
Be careful tonight
Rush hour traffic, NJ Turnpike or I-295?
Looking to book a skiing/snowboarding trip. No idea where to start!
NJ.com: Threats made against several Bergen, Passaic county schools
That Mysterious Sonic Boom Was From A U.S. Navy F-35C Out Of Maryland
New Jersey Last Minute Movers
Christie's State of the State speech annotated with fact checks
Any info on the Paulinskill Viaduct?
The "chair rule" in winter
Home invasions in Edison
Video of NJ State troopers deliver baby on Garden State Parkway - if they were wearing body cameras and if requested, would an up close video be published in NJ or anywhere else in USA?
Figures. Heating oil as low as it's been in forever and the temperatures are like sub-tropical.
Community Instagram to feature NJ's suburbs and aesthetic
More snow pics: Welcome to New Jersey
I live in Linden, NJ, and I'm contemplating suicide. Here's a video I made. My name's Johnny.
Brawl at Chuck E. Cheese
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for newjersey
School stops saying 'God Bless America' after ACLU threat
When you know you have an asshole neighbor 1/25/2016
A rainbow showed up after a rare Jan. 10 thunderstorm. Pompton Lakes.
Sledding in bergen county
New roller coaster "The Joker" coming this summer to Six Flags
OMG SNOW BLIZZARD 2016 go get yo' "Bread &amp; Milk" -Video
Freehold-based indie band Fun While You Wait enters NPR's Tiny Desk Contest
Local 9 pipe fitters and plumbers is taking on apprentices. First 150 applicants. Ualocal9.org
Christie explains mandatory-recess veto: "That was a stupid bill”
N.J. cop Christie called 'pension pig' sends warning to N.H. police
New brewery ready to be trendsetter in Asbury Park
I think I have seen the names of these two red light camera companies before. Didn't they have some shady dealings in Jersey too?
Does USPS deliver today?
Will that pile of snow collapse on my car?
I just noticed NewJerseyNewsroom.com is history
Are there any laws for snow removal in apartment complexes?
PSA: Clear your vehicles roof of snow too!
Any suggestions where to look for entry computer science jobs?
Used, old, beatup furniture or other home items on the cheap in NJ?
Holland tunnel about 75 years ago (police in little side cars)
Lot for Sale. Ocean Views!
Tip: How to perform roof snow removal using a string. Without a shovel or string.
Menendez Third Circuit Filing Claims Legislative Immunity
Christie not returning for storm, criticized by Sweeney
Jersey City pays man $20K to settle warrantless-search lawsuit
Yesterday Evenings sunset from atop One WTC
Sunset over Cape May Light a few weekends ago (Taken with my cell phone with a 4-sec exposure)
Anyone lose a cat near Bunn Drive in Princeton?
There's so much rain right now
Recommendation for "one of a kind" salvaged driftwood art shops near Monmouth County or on the shore?
I am confused to this law pass or not for the NJ lottery
Soccer players wanted
best/most frugal way to register your car in new jersey?
This lucky guy just won thousands in the lottery for the third time
the delaware bay
Inside the N.J. town with a heroin death-rate 25 times the national average
School stops saying 'God Bless America' after ACLU threat
WATCH: Video of Borgata's new outdoor pool complex
Shock, anger after deadly Taliban attack on Kabul
AUTISM STARTS WITH YOU
Bad idea to take the Parkway south today?
Looking for map of towns with lead water pipes in NJ
Anyone here lived at RPM Studebaker Lofts? If so how was the experience?
Links to Current Snowfall Accumulation Reports
Living in Prospect Park/Surrounding area
Pho in Morris County?
Does anyone know of any good dog trainers they would recommend in Monmouth county?
Sunset over Cape May Light a few weekends ago (Taken with my cell phone with a 2.3 sec exposure)
Missing Summer's warmth and late sunsets. Point Pleasant boardwalk in the gloaming (OC).
Cool NJ towns to spend a day walking around in?
Abandoned gas station in Bloomfield, NJ
Ray Tse's Mercedes still awaits him at Linden Park Cemetery.
Trader Joe's in Westfield suffers roof collapse from weight of snow
Is that Overbrook in Its Alway's Sunny In Philadelphia S10E3?
Looking for a small office/light industrial space in Union County
TIL Ted Bundy's used NJ as a testing ground before he standardized his killings.
Look what the thrift store fairy brought me! $2. But easily worth thousands.
Neighborhood advice for upcoming move to NJ (x-post from r/newbrunswick)
The sign fell over at my job [Wildwood]
Ramapo Mountain Reservation NJ
First Borgata, now Tropicana announces $25M makeover
Johnson &amp; Johnson says it will cut thousands of jobs
Fair Lawn High Schooler Called To The Principal's Office "For Being Anti-Israel" On Twitter
A fun tour of Rep. Bill Pascrell's office
Troopers waved Puerto Rican flag in drug bust photos, got suspended
At Least 9 New Jersey High Schools Receive Bomb, Mass Shooting Threats
Anyone with CenturyLink internet? How's your service been?
Does anyone here commute by Ferry into Manhattan? If so, share your experiences.
NJ Auctions...
Supermarkets in New Brunswick?
Where to find dry aged Ribeye in NNJ?
JCMC asking family, friends of unidentified hit-and-run victim to come forward (PHOTOS)
Got the burger at Three B's in Lakehurst. It was a pretty good burger.
Three Northwest NJ Catholic schools scheduled to close
Edison High School Supermarket Careers Program Holds Ribbon-Cutting for School Store - Story
Massive Blizzard to Hit New Jersey on Saturday January 23, 2016
Christie: "Presidential candidates should release their medical records!" Press: "OK, so where's yours?" Christie: "¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
[newjersey] My name is WandaNixon, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
NJ State of the State address. Who knew yesterday there was a vote to make nj pensions backed 100% as part of the NJ constitution
Could Chris Christie beat Clinton in New Jersey?
Thank goodness, you CAN remain anon in New Jersey if you win the lotto, for a year.
Free wifi around Carnegie center on Route 1, Princeton?
Top things to do in New Jersey this Weekend...
NJ to NYC via GWB traffic tweets/RSS feed?
where could I find free or low cost fire wood?
How would a modern monopoly board look?
Saturday snowstorm
Things to Do in New Jersey, Jan. 9 Through 17
State Police seeks assistance in fatal hit-and-run in Knowlton Township, Warren County
Despite progress in cities, N.J. homicides jump 4 percent in 2015
Best cheap record stores in NJ?
Recommendation for neurologist Princeton area
Has anyone had a VW Passat, bought from Reydel (Edison), dark colored, recently stolen?
I guess it is hard to drive properly in Jersey
My not from NJ S/O reading how much salt was in the box of pork roll we just ate:
NJ man get 8 years in prison for growing 17 pot plants
Wesley Lake, Ocean Grove, New Jersey, 1905.
More people leave NJ than any other state, for 4th year in a row, study shows
Lawmakers propose much longer school day for underperforming school districts.
Looking for a kitten. Any ideas of where I can find one?
remove snow from your gas dryers due to CO buildup
Late night NYC-NJ mass transit commute?
Is there any way I can get Channel 12 on a digital TV box like Roku, Fire TV, etc?
Can you still get a red light camera ticket in NJ?
223 years ago Man and puppy performed the First Manned Flight (in the US) taking off from Walnut St Prison and landing in Deptford, NJ (behind the wallmart)
Lizard found in New Jersey kindergartner's salad now a class pet
Happy New Year's, New Jersey!
Snow cancels Thunder Fart.
(X-Post from njbeer) Demented, Two Ton, and Angry Erik team up for a great cause (PoAC)
Abandoned gas station on Rt. 46 in Totowa
NJ bill would shield all police video, recordings of 911 calls from public view
7 best things to do in N.J. this weekend
New Jersey teen girl who tweeted ‘Israel is a terrorist force’ was called to the principal’s office for ‘bullying’
[newjersey] community recommend - THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Beautiful Hoboken @ 7:45AM
Prosecutor: New Jersey dad killed son to continue dating relationship
Ex-cable tv tech gets 10-year sentence for sex crimes against 2 Bergen County women
Good doctors in North Jersey?
Any suggestions for a barber/men's stylist in Monmouth County?
Sonic Boom Rocks New Jersey Video
Chris Christie mopping up New Jersey
Mother and baby died in car while father tried to clear snow
Sorry Cape May, this storm is about to really screw you.
Bloomfield council's Elias Chalet indicted for bribery
Here's 9 ways to beat the winter blaaaahs in Atlantic City
