Do you still have access to US Netflix?
Has anybody been blocked by Netflix yet?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Sun 31 January, 2016
Honeymoon destination in New Zealand?
Advice needed re entry to Australia with criminal convictions
If someone fast post a letter to me yesterday morning what time shall I check the post office box today?
Vanity question regarding drivers license photo.
How to be a twelvie
KFC customer discovers fly eggs in meal
Rogue campers 'ruining' Great Walks
100% Kiwi Online Auction Website - Start up offering unique features and super low fees. Please check us out and list your unwanted items and help make OnOffer a new household name.
Dolphy Kohu found dead in prison
Property prices increase in New Zealand | Realestatecoulisse.com
Heatwave brainwave: 'Took us 30 minutes to make... Best idea ever'
Christchurch gets first 'pod hotel'
Boyfriend is working in Taumarunui, just a wee bit hot there today.
House prices a 'catastrophic regulatory failure'
An unsuccessful morning's fishing but a good way to start the day before work - shot near the mouth of the Waimakariri, Canterbury [Fixed Link - I think]
Map of where to find free food (fruit trees etc)
Sir David Fagan is one of New Zealand's greatest sportsmen
Spate of drug induced hospitalisations
Serious Fraud Office opens Intueri probe. Quantum Education Group
Any movie theaters in Hamilton with liftable arms?
Everyone can relate to this
Hi im first 1% of for getting the gurannted entry requirements for engineering what should i do??(CIE)
An apology to E2NZ
Best place/website to buy trekking gear on short notice?
Thrifting Auckland, Rotorua, Wellington?
What day is pay day usually in NZ?
I moved out of a flat and money was taken out of my bond for carpet cleaning
[Advice wanted] Moving to Wellington for dummies (Crossposted to r/Wellington)
UoA ComSci or Canterbury Engineering
Where are the bridges, asks Peters
Teen savagely beaten in Whangamata
HA!, I knew she was lying.
One dead in Whangarei crash - car vs fully laden logging truck
Relationships Aotearoa liquidators to dispose of 60,000 counselling case notes
I learn more about cricket and the players and life listening to the Alternative Cricket Commentary on iHeart radio than I do listening to the professional commentary on Sky. Looking forward to an informative day!
NZ Newspaper: An 'Honor' To Welcome Small Pacific Rim Countries As They Sign Away Much Of Their Sovereignty
Flaxmere street brawl to welcome New Year
Fonterra lowers farmgate milk payout for 2015/2016 season to $4.15 per kg of milk solids, down from $4.60 per kg
What Makes New Zealand Unforgettable
Live huntsman spider stopped at Auckland Airport
US Netflix Blocked? Here's How To Fix It.
The difference in how we see teen mums and teen dads
Nelson bar owner asks non-paying patrons for charity donation
Judge denies picture application for well-known New Zealand actor
Mother caught speeding with child on her lap - and she had the baby seat in the boot - National
Kiwi fix: three great New Zealand wines
Okay - who's taking the piss out of Timaru?
Over 20,000 quakes recorded by GeoNet in 2015
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Tue 19 January, 2016
What is a reasonable price for a cross-lease property in west Auckland? Is there any disadvantage to buying a cross-lease property?
How its made - Kcimory makes their Hanging Desk Lamp
The Great Water Rort
TPP's economic benefits challenged
I'm from Florida. Just booked a trip to New Zealand (Aukland &amp; Queenstown) for two weeks in early may. Any tips on how to make this the best vacation ever?
Had some guy in painting the office wall today...
Sundance: How Marvel found its new Thor director, Taika Waititi
Flight from Tokyo to Auckland hit a patch of severe turbulance during dinner service yesterday.
20 Years already. How Bizarre? How Bizarre? Where were you when this came out? R.I.P. Pauly Fuemana
[newzealand] I'm sad! I kill his ex-girlfriend! She fucks with everyone! Bitch...
Kiwis facing life in Australian prison following fatal attack
linux Аttеtion! It's nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! This is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt!
Controversy over new vegan pie. Z Energy
Sweet Az Sun Festival - Tickets from Cosmic Ticketing -
Official Information Act request charges for media in spotlight
Auckland rents likely to increase
Kiwis create a wasteland over summer
Whistleblower alleges cover-up of gas leak
Givealittle to buy Abel Tasman beach
What can i do about a used car i bought (Consumer Guarantees Act)
NZ police national release age stats for crimes.
HR and Payroll Software for Insurance Broker in New Zealand
Will NZ get a left wing government again?
I am going into my last year of uni and I am very scared.
Anyone have a playlist of the old c4tv Insomnia music videos?
About concerts
US family looking to move to NZ... Looking for OB/GYN position without board certification
So whats the deal with Sky television?
Looking for Captain Crunch cereal - Auckland
16-year-old girl dead, 15-year-old girl critical after fleeing police
No jail term for child abuser
High-profile deals behind corruption slide - report
NZ property popularity with Chinese buyers slips
Jason Gunn has broken his back. His Thingee remains unharmed.
AvT Auckland Lan 2016 - TODAY!
Teens killed after police pursuit... again
February 1840 vs February 2016
Black Caps batting blitz leads to huge Twenty20 win over Sri Lanka at Eden Park
Another step forward for NZ's new internet cable
Biggest Site For Sex! ) Find Your Girls for sex! my sli
[newzealand] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
[Updated] Most Popular Baby Names in New Zealand
Carolyn Robinson leaves TV3, and TV3 turns into Newshub
Abandoned Japanese themed parks „New Zealand Village“
Kiwi war hero Keith Thiele dies
So proud of my Hometown
Do you get paid fairly? Pay gap worst it's been in almost 10 years.
Long-serving Labour MP Bob Tizard dies. He was 91
Wanted awesome user submitted panoramas of NZ hi res
How well could an affordable fast food joint perform in NZ, do you think?
Jamie Whyte: There's no poverty in NZ
Kiwi Startup in need of validation
How do I navigate the NZ health system?
Place your submissions for the podcast! (x-post /r/nzpodcast)
ELI5: How is preferential treatment for Maori in NZ still a thing?
Buying secondhand car - how to know if if will pass a WoF?
'It's not OK for police to use power on TPP activists if they disagree with the government' | ONE News Now
Anyone see that spotlight pointing straight up out of Riverhead forest?
Helen Kelly: 'The system doesn't work'
Key defends TPP as Ratana crowd boos
TPPA Live stream exclusive to TDB from Auckland Town Hall at 7pm tonight
Island bay cycleway revealed to be under budget
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:stdagalsginiadtat
Express a preference for the new or old New Zealand flag ahead of the referendum
TVNZ to screen 2018 Commonwealth Games free-to-air
I took this photo, from the top of Mt Bruce, at midnight (30 second exposure - full moon - 23.01.16) (x-post from r/interestingasfuck)
Asking for a little help New Zealand.
Sustainability Council: TPPA lets investors sue over climate change policies
Kiwi Forecasters Flummoxed as Migrants Flock to End of the Earth
New laws for establishing protected marine areas in Marlborough Sounds undermine Maori fishing rights, Maori Fisheries Trust says.
Self-plagiarism hides poverty of ideas
Medical Insurance help!
I've got a question about the availability of Cannabis
Violent Femmes tickets
The Paki Coastal Track
Has anyone used the AMI breakdown service?
Looking for information about Outdoor Digital Advertising Billboards.
Where in NZ or online can I buy 'Acana' dog food for the best price?
Kiwi gift ideas?
Learning sign language?
NZ ranks 6th in the world for freedom of the press (and with a strong case for highest per capita press freedom)
EXCLUSIVE: TPPA Auckland Town Hall meeting video
Women's Refuge calls for 'pick-up artist' group to be banned from New Zealand
Holden throws everything they can at a Tesla and get smoked.
Jossi Wells wins Men's Ski Slopestyle gold at X games
NZ unlikely to escape global volatility
Christchurch's The Palms mall buys neighbouring homes in expansion bid
Police officer shoots himself in the foot
Raglan whitebait pioneer Charles Mitchell dies, aged 64
This is what happened when my New Zealand mate visited South England during the winter holidays.
A quick word with cancer - Cake Oven
Steven Joyce: A chance for a land of milk and money
What Can New Zealand Learn From The Worlds Top Five Startup Visas?
Looking for some sunlight soap, are there any places that still sell it?
MediaWorks and the mysterious $17m Christmas miracle
Regional Towns/Cities
Kiwi arrested at airport for $20,000 student loan debt
Flag process: Was it a spin job?
Fire engulfs passenger ship 1km off NZ coast, dozens ‘jump into water’
What are my rights on getting a deposit back if the product is delayed in being delivered?
Where to purchase Sega Mega Drive II in New Zealand?
Moving house and internet contracts - If I have no internet access because I'm waiting for Chorus to install fibre, do I still have to keep paying my internet bill?
Safety Razors, Help a Teenager Out
I got fiber internet recently. What speeds should I be getting? What is considered fast?
[30 M]Indian. Kindly help me which is best way to apply for work visa? I am considering for permanent residence in NewZealand after working for few years.
Best way to find a job for a student in Auckland?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Mon 11 January, 2016
Working with kids/young adults with autism on a working holiday visa?
Former Deputy PM and long-serving Labour MP Bob Tizard dies age 91
Ngapuhi threaten to ban the Govt from Waitangi over the TPPA
Sunset over Auckland last night
Update on the High Court case between Nicky Hager and the NZ Police
Top 5 Touring Destinations in New Zealand for a Wonderful Trip
Pedestrian killed in Oamaru crash
My mate met some Hawkes Bay showoffs off Cape Kidnappers yesterday morning
NZ Green Party pesticide policy not evidence based but one-sided opinion piece
Bridal Veil Falls, Raglan
Globalreal meet encounter night night, full anonymity , no pays is required only registration
Help Kiwi's, what island is this?)
Anyone have a reference as to VDSL speeds in Napier
Fibre internet recommendations?
Rental ‘Warrant of Fitness’ (WoF) to start in Wellington and Dunedin in 2016. Housing health link to be studied
Hi New Zealand, could I please get a list of definitive New Zealand songs for my playlists?
Help! Getting underpaid for public holidays
Advise for 3 months stay in NZ needed :)
What are some good movies you've seen over the holidays and can recommend?
Quite warm around the pool today. This is in the shade. Sheltered but not in direct sun.
American Reacts to Wedding HAKA
Little gives Goff green light to support TPP
Can anyone provide some context for this? Armed police spotted outside the Langham in Auckland - thought they could only do this at international airports or when the Armed Offenders Squad get called out?
Jane Kelsey - full speech at Auckland Town Hall - Tuesday 26th January 2016
Whangamata! (ft a stick)
Environment Canterbury's (ECan) commissioners privately lobbied the Government to retain some of their most controversial powers, documents show.
The Infamous Zig Zag, Otira Gorge. | West Coast New Zealand History
Initiative for Freedom of Movement between Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom reaches 10,000 signatures. [x-post]
Murchison suicide bombing a world first (1905)
The only fitting tribute for this sub.
Woman, man charged after Te Reo assault claim
In the evenings quite boring, often looking for a partner have fun when ready - registers [newzealand]
Sheep stop car after 90-minute police chase through Central Otago
Skill shortages tipped as tertiary student numbers plummet
Packer decision sparks double standards claim
New Zealanders lose $12m to scams between January and November. Worst - and weirdest - scams of 2015
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Fri 29 January, 2016
Anyone know where I can buy an embroided laser kiwi patch?
Wanted: human milk
Driving a very long way from London to Mongolia in July/August as part of the Mongol rally 2016 - AMA
Volunteering with refugees Wellington
Ok you lot. Time to find a new flatmate seeing the other one has gone AWOL.
Video premier of Joseph &amp; Maia – “I Know”. NZ band who fought their way out of a contract with Sony.
Six iwi refuse to perform TPP pōwhiri
HEAD LIKE A HOLE — I'm On Fire (classic NZ band - classic Bruce Springsteen cover)
NZ Place Names (Late Night, Big Breakfast)
RIP Neil deGrasse Tyson (from today's Dom Post)
I'm going on a South Island road trip next month. What are some hidden/must-see gems around?
Anyone on twodegrees can score them self some easy free data here
Hey boys I'm Daria and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Go south, Dunedin urges Aucklanders
Last night's sunset from the Port Hills
Time for a transgender education, NZ
Bullshit Bishop Brian Tamaki believing everything he reads... again.
Our power is out and our landlord won't help...advice?
Looking to move to Auckland, any recommendations for job seeking websites?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Mon 01 February, 2016
Health insurance for non-residents?
What's your favorite thing about living in New Zealand?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Mon 18 January, 2016
Those of you with non mains water supplies...
ACC and delaying claims
No jail term for child abuser
Trams travelling along Victoria Avenue, Wanganui, 1913 by Frank Denton.
Silver Fern flag gets MPs' backing
"Knee-jerk" reaction to Auckland housing problem could topple economy: Property Institute boss
You Can Make Eye Contact With This Startup's Holograms
Woman who claimed she was assaulted for speaking Te Reo: Court says she pleaded guilty; she says she didn't.
David Bowie mural appears in Auckland
Dodgy plumbing products singled out. R.A.C (Report-A-Cowboy) App. Plumbers, Gasfitters and Drainlayers Board
Sometimes New Zealand's scenery astounds me
4.1 quake in CHCH. Welcome back!
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Thu 21 January, 2016
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Thu 14 January, 2016
Where can I find petroleum ether in NZ
[INFORMATION WANTED] Hit and run witness in Auckland City at 6:15pm today
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Sat 09 January, 2016
I'm giving away 16+ hours of a dual Intercity bus Flexi-pass, good until February 8. Details inside
Studying film in NZ
[Advice] How can I query a medical invoice?
Has anyone else here had any bad experiences with Family Planning judging them?
Flying wedding lantern sets fire to Southland holiday house
The Dynamic Duo &gt;&gt; Kiwi-made Comedic Web Series
Special thanks to Riccarton Library in Christchurch for letting us film this awesome sketch in their cafe!
I made this video for a hotel in Hawkes Bay, Really shows what a beautiful spot of the country it is!
TPP deal: At least eight laws will have to be changed, Govt reveals | ONE News Now
Andrew Little said the TPP prevents restrictions on land sales to "the Chinese". China is not a signatory to the TPP.
The mystery of Captain Cook's souvenirs
2017 New Zealand Commonwealth Scholarship and Fellowship Plan (CSFP)
Nepotism at the Christchurch City Council • /r/chch
Copper Kiwi Sculptures (for my window)
One dead in Hawke's Bay crash, four injured.
The National Radio Freeview HD channel is literally a screencast of someone's computer set to auto refresh the website
Government proposes recreational fishing park for Marlborough Sounds
How do I stop these weeds from growing in my lawn?
Reynolds makes fun of NZ in Deadpool clip
Pet needs new home. Serious offers only
Dazed, sick and slumped on the ground, a dozen Auckland pigeons were attacked by two large seagulls and then forced to copulate by males of their own kind.
Are there any niggerless towns in New Zealand?
Speeding Ticket - but details incorrect
Reasonable equity returns purchasing a home in a desirable Auckland or Wellington neighborhood?
Are psilocybin (Magic mushrooms) legal in New Zealand? If yes what is the price?
Advice on building/buying PC gaming rigs
Contiki advice?
Which VPN service would you recommend to use here in New Zealand?
The Great Water Rort
TIL the Waihopai activists who deflated the radomes were members of the international Plowshares Movement.
Kakapo can't fly; so they just wizz around pretending that they can • /r/gifs
TV Guide letter calls pregnant TVNZ presenter Jenny-May Coffin an 'eyesore' - letter writer fronts in the comments section and apologises (and isn't crucified!)
My friend met this guy today.
Tune into the first day of Checkpoint with John Campbell
First Syrian refugees welcomed to NZ - National
Cannabis spray helps young girl
John Campbell is back on air– but has digital killed the radio star?
Emirates to fly Auckland-Dubai direct using Boeing 777-200LRs
Climate, China economy and property prices head NZ's risk list
A New Model NZ Government Is Underway, Register To Vote Now, Join A Party!
Opponents of the TPP have been vague about their alternative
Clifton Terrace, Wellington, ca. 1939 by Stanley Polkinghorne Andrew.
TVNZ tells news staff to dial back the glam
Light shines from Auckland's Rangitoto Island
Farewell to the 3 News brand:
Raggamuffin Festival New Zealand
Fisherman told to turn frying pan on before filleting blue cod
An introduction to NZ language for visitors
Cheap Netflix And Spotify Accounts.
2degrees fibre (South Island customers) connectivity issues
A place to sleep in Rotorua, Taupo, or Napier
How do I report racism in the workplace without risking my job?
Does this mean UnoTelly won't work anymore?
New Year holiday pay for casual employee question
Free rent with sex in Auckland
What the actual f**k? 4tradeit Idiot gets a second airing.
Roadtrip to raise awareness for endangered species
Pest, Tau fly found in Manurewa, South Auckland. 1.5km exclusion zone around site set up. MPI Biosecurity
Oral contraceptive pill could be over the counter
The RBNZ predicts house prices will grind to a near halt by the end of 2018.
Principals say school uniforms are not worth the cost
National Party Poster from 1938
What's Left? | Bryan Bruce
[AMA REQUEST] The Milky Bar Kid
Horror house discovery (+ video)
Another Chinese billionaire has disappeared
Skippers Canyon Road named one of the most dangerous in the world
Government will not be welcome at Waitangi if the TPPA is signed in this country.
I wonder how many of these people actually voted?
Govt overhaul for NZ marine parks. Commercial fishing to continue in marine reserves
Old New Zealand
Sunset Panorama of Auckland from Big King
Accommodation Benefit Rates (Student)?
Seeking legal advice regarding a scooter I bought off TradeMe
Please help with my 2.5 week travel itinerary!
Wellington- Day 2
A New Zealand Infantry platoon pictured near Monte Cassino on the 5th Army Front in Italy, 8 March 1944 by George Frederick Kaye.
Auckland 'Tinder warning' names and shames love rat
50% rise in attempted suicide rate in Canterbury over 5 years.
FSANZ detects 'potentially concerning' amounts of phthalates in food from packaging
Plenty worse tax dodgers than tradies
My pussy! for newzealand
Auckland tenants dig deep for place to call home
Approval rates for asylum seekers shot up to almost 50%, compared to an average of 25% in the previous 10 years. New Zealand is accepting more asylum seekers on top of its UN obligations.
Destiny's prices double
Heather du Plessis-Allan: Don't blame immigrants for Auckland's housing crisis
Max Key talking to his dad.
Voting And Inequality | Bryan Bruce
Ups and downs of living on world's steepest street
[newzealand] My name is Claudia! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Oculus Rift VR headset coming to NZ and will cost $900
Tenants 'can't be bothered' to collect $37m in bonds
TVNZ announces new free-to-air channel aimed specifically at men
This abandoned movie set supposedly in nz,what movie?
Singapore Airlines poised to announce to international flights to Wellington via Canberra
Free Business Courses
George Takei posted this to Instragram. Titled; Bird brains #OhMyyy
Planning a trip to New Zealand? These amazing itineraries from GO Rentals will help…
Is there a website that tracks prices of individual items at supermarkets, like a pricespy for food?
I want to buy a toy online and get it mailed to someone in NZ. Please help!
Why is Australian Internet so bad and why is just accepted? (x-posted from ELI5)
Any cool cheap places to stay in Nelson?
Is there any work in New Zealand for someone specialized in removing dry rot (Serpula Lacrymans) in buildings?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Tue 05 January, 2016
Serious Fraud Office opens Intueri probe. Quantum Education Group
Worlds Cutest Haka! By the Ngati Toa Three Year Olds
NRL Mitchell Pearce accused of act involving a dog
Cat lost at Christchurch cattery found
Heavy fog grounds flights in Wellington
Urban explorers swim channel, sneak in to abandoned, quake-hit island fortress.
High speed luge Queenstown, Nz
A solar power system payback spreadsheet I made that uses daily sunshine hours
'If we're having two referendums on the flag, why can't we have one on TPP?'
The NZ Herald has officially become the Lad Bible
New Zealand soldiers open their first mail delivery since the Allied victory and cessation of hostilities in the North African Campaign, Maadi, Egypt June 1943 by George Robert Bull.
Weta Workshop makes Footrot Flats sculpture of Wal &amp; Dog for Gisborne
Tougher rules for state tenants take effect
Can you access the vodafone app?
Blue Duck or Whio that I had the chance to treat while working in the wildlife hospital at Mass
Found this jewel on The Timaru Herald via Facebook.
"Up vote" Looking For Parnter
Can you help me to validate my questions?
Studying abroad in Auckland in a month. Any advice as how I should make the most of my time in New Zealand?
Can anyone tell me if Neon TV is in HD or not?
What do you guys do with paua shells?
British Citizen on a working visa.. Lost my bloody passport; what should I do?
Public holiday payment question
Questions about seasonal snow work at Queenstown/Wanaka
PSA: Purchasing a gift certificate is functionally the same as giving a company an interest free unsecured loan that expires in the company's favour. Don't do it.
Help using fiancees Kiwisaver for our first home build, catch is I already own land with a house.
Seen on Makora rd, Massey
Property market about to 'go bananas'
House prices show signs of cooling
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my gal
New Zealand News Media Bingo
Family's photos and letters stolen before funeral.
Panorama I took of Mt Cook
Mixed messages from Manukau District Court
Iwi want access to waterways on Maori land
Panorama of the Stone Store in KeriKeri
After almost a century of fighting, Auckland, New Zealand will finally get it's $2.5 billion City Rail Link [info in comments]
An unsuccessful morning's fishing but a good way to start the day before work - shot near the mouth of the Waimakariri, Canterbury
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Sun 17 January, 2016
Internet company decisions in NZ?
Netflix Catalog Difference in NZ vs USA
Recommended hotels around Auckland?
New UFB connection Auckland, speed test.
Tertiary Education AMA - Picking the course and university
Potentially buying a new cellphone, what do I need to check for?
Submissions for/against the Voluntary Euthanasia Bill closing on Monday 1st Feb
Exploring coastal cliffs in suburban New Zealand
Sovereign Citizen: New Zealand Edition [x-post r/amibeingdetained]
Philip Blackwood still behind bars in Myanmar despite pardon
John Campbell is back! Have a watch on RNZ, Checkpoint is streaming now.
Public Health Assoc critical of govt support for TPP
Greens propose independent policy costing unit
A struggling solo mum in Blenheim is only $34 better off a week since she came off the benefit and got a job.
Sir. Edmund Hillary appears on American game show: To Tell the Truth (1959).
90 mile beach on 1/1/16 took right before the storm went wild again.
Here's 16 year old Eden Nathan (a year older than my daughter) and here are some of the comments r/NZ made about her.
Sunset on waiheke, now to try get a ferry back..
Anyone else having problems in their town with people using the ground as their toilet?
Pokemon Event - JB Hi FI/ EB Games - Hoopa Giveaway
How to find out the number of a blocked call number?
Getting a refund from jetstar.
New Years Burglary/ies - State refusing cover cause I'm in a 'flat' - any similar experiences?
Coeliacs and WINZ
Spotify issues today?
Is WINZ' strategy just to make you give up?
Fred Hollows could feature on Aus fiver
Is NZ TV News Braindead?
Best Site Online! Find Your Love for sex! my ngg
NZer with $8k student loan now owes $64k
Hey Kiwis what should I buy?
Cattery loses cats, offering no explanation...
Northland Only Rates a Mention, Misses Out on Big Projects
[POLL] People in Auckland, how many houses do you own?
Transport Minister Simon Bridges backs idea of Kaimai connection to Waikato Expressway
Racist assault on Auckland bus
IRD crack down on cash jobs
Christchurch man's bike snapped in half after high-speed collision with sheep
List of Prime Ministers of New Zealand
Dunne vs Collins = Popcorn
Investigating New Zealand animal research statistics
TIL That Toyota makes boats manned after a New Zealand Island (xpost /R/Toyota).
Toddler killed in Hawke's Bay expressway crash was not wearing any restraints. A grim reminder of the importance of putting kids into their car seats (the car had one ... the child wasn't in it.) Safety 101!
Underwriting Software in New Zealand
Tau fly, a pest found in Manurewa, south Auckland. 1.5km exclusion zone around site established
Officer is confronted aggressively by a member of the public. You wont believe what happens next!!
So tried to use tvnz on-demand... Sort your fucking shit out TVNZ. You're an absolute fucking disgrace of a national broadcaster.
Couldn't give a...
if national speed limit is 100km/h why can the bmw in front of me go 118km/h just fine
A quick drive to Arthur's Pass and back
I'm in the Auckland domestic Koru club right now. I can get one person in. Here until 7pm.
PSA: If you're driving in the rain today, turn your lights on.
Chorus being trashheads.
Carrying on a guitar for international/domestic flights with Air New Zealand
The deadline for submissions to Parliament's Health Select Committee on euthanasia is approaching (1st of February)
Easiest way to contact a useless business, or to get my money back?
mate how are ya.
How do I buy a car that's owing money without risk?
What is your recommended art supply store?
Kiwis living off the grid say nature will provide all you need
Oh I'm sure this could never be abused...
Fly Buys website botch up offers Apple iPad Air for one point
You wouldn't have guessed #3 by following our media
Devils Punchbowl at Arthur's Pass after some rain
Who's watching Labyrinth tonight?
A panorama of Milford Sound I took on my roadtrip of the South Island.
Drop in price of chicken and milk brings cost of food down in 2015
Nela Visser, competitive eater, has a light breakfast
Trade Me announces changes to auction price structure
U Cаn Fun With Аdult Wоmen just nоw! Full Аnonymity. NO PАYMENT, NO CRAP!
The gorgeous landscapes of Wanaka
Man with 'cheesy grin' suspect in $20,000 Gun City theft
Job Searches on Seek for Wellington. Why 0 results?
Free Bus ticket
Can I get a new Zealand passport if I don't know someone who already does?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Wed 27 January, 2016
East side of Mount Maunganui is on fire.
Best place to study fine drawing in Auckland?
What We Do in the Shadows sequel in the works
New Zealand on Deflation Brink as Prices Fall More Than Forecast - Bloomberg
District health board staff owed millions of hours in annual leave
Insurance Claim Administration Software in New Zealand
New Zealand's worst regions for STIs
Dick Smith steal your money.
Saw this guy out snorkeling near Russell. Is it an octopus?
Looks like we get a name drop in the latest Deadpool video.
Echo Festival promoter owes $650,000 to creditors including ticket holders. McLaren Falls/Valley Music Festival
I've had my learners since 2007 would i have to renew my Leaner's test if i want to take my restricted?
Trainwreck of a human is having a argument with neighbours (Rich people scuffle, racism included)
Websites for comparing job prospects and income in New Zealand.
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Wed 27 January, 2016
ELI5: Why is there such anger directed towards John Key?
Going to be in Auckland for 5 months. Any tips when it comes to fishing in that area?
Any Whangarei hunters/shooters here?
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Fri 15 January, 2016
NZ AM Random Discussion Thread, Thu 07 January, 2016
Gang warfare coming soon to a town near you
Kiwi teenager forced to do Singaporean national service or risk jail time and fines
Dunedin police trace bomb threat (+ video)
Photo of a Yellow Eyed Penguin from my recent expedition to the New Zealand Subantarctic Islands
Key sets eyes on a fourth term
PSA: r/MNZGov is having their general election for registered voters this weekend
Threats against woman who filmed herself engaging in child sex abuse
Children as young as 3 being apprehended by police
Government says TPPA deal won't undermine Treaty of Waitangi rights for Maori
Can somebody help me explain this?
The government has released a National Interest Analysis (NIA) on the implications of TPP for New Zealand.
X-Post /me_irl Did this actually happen? Shame lol
Dick Smith is the Greatest Private Equity Heist of All Time (how to turn $10 million into more than $500 million)
Helen Kelly wants referendum on legalising cannabis at the next election
Something about doomed news sources directly linking reddit?
Every Labour leader from 1990 - 2013 supports the TPP
Nick Willis dominates Whanganui Mile
Why our flag will change
Spectacular freeboarding run down Mt Victoria
Dirty waterways 'hurting a lot of NZers' - Touring campaign to push for improving standards
Hamilton Mohammed poster may incite hate speech
This goat welcomes a new year. Happy new year, goat
(X-POST) Best Place to Buy RMB (With New Zealand Dollars) : travelchina
John Key says 'Flag'
Len Lye Centre by Patterson Associates in New Zealand
Home loan insurance obligations
John Key's first major speech of the year (RNZ Livestream)
Clothing websites
http://i.stuff.co.nz/life-style/home-property/72590164/wellingtons-viewslashing-fence-to-go
Where do I get a decent quality laser pointer?
NZ Post Meridiem Random Discussion Thread - Fri 15 January, 2016
Bike Polo Pre-World Champs Tournament - This Saturday, Auckland!
Stolen dog but police won't investigate?
Anyone knowledgeable on self employment tax in NZ?
Dita DeBoni: The smear campaign against people who oppose the TPPA has almost stifled proper debate
Speedy carpark exit
Well done, /r/NewZealand, once again you were tomorrow's Stuff headline, today.
