Why has Nintendo never made a successor to the Gameboy Player
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 25, 2016
How populated is FAST Racing NEO?
Should I get the Thousand-Year Door?
The Link Between Worlds Figma is now available for pre-order
What does "Dedicated Gaming Platform" mean? Especially the "Platform" part? :D
Let's talk about "rampant fanboyism" and it being "impossible to be critical of Nintendo" in /r/Nintendo
Has anyone been able to pre-order the FE: Fates Special Edition recently?
Yet another 3DS system update (10.4.0-29) - now with more stability
Space Hulk hitting the North American Wii U eShop tomorrow (Listing on Nintendo website currently unavailable)
50% lowest e-shop
Pokkén Tournament + Shadow Mewtwo amiibo Card and Limited Edition Controller - High-definition gameplay and spectacular battles with Pokémon characters!
Roy amiibo preorders tomorrow at Gamestop in store and online
Famitsu sheds light on Zelda: Twilight Princess HD's amiibo features - Nintendo Everything
TIL: The Oslo city hall plays the Super Mario Bros. theme on its bells at 6pm every day.
[US] Roy amiibo Figure up for preorder at Gamestop
WIIU IS THE BEST CONSOLE THIS GEN! Aquathoughts Opinion Piece
Lucian's Body is Ready (X-POST from /r/leagueoflegends)
Poll: Which New Smash Bros. Character are you more hyped for? Bayonetta or Corrin?
2016 For Nintendo Fans, Between The Wii U &amp; The NX - WCCFtech
Samus Aran fanart
When will Nintendo start to open stores in Asian countries apart from Japan?
Why wouldn't Nintendo release a console version of Pokemon for NX?
should i buy the new 3ds xl or wait for the nx?
Pokkén Tournament Championship Series Announced
If I wanted to play Twilight Princess again, would it be best to wait for the Wii U version or just use Dolphin and the HD texture pack I heard about?
Wouldn't be so cool that Nintendo could release the Mario Kart GP Arcade Series for Virtual Console?
Should I get a Special N3DS?
What's your Favorite Nintendo Myth that wasn't true?
Owners who went from 3ds XL to new 3ds (regular sized), how was the transition?
Going off the big assumption that Nintendo will make the next big Zelda cross platform-- WiiU/NeXt console, will Nintendo make one significantly more visually upgraded? Or would that be a mistake?
Cracked my game pad lcd screen. What are my options?
Would anyone like a Fire Emblem game in the style of Codename S.T.E.A.M?
Custom Game Cases
Merchandise Monday - show off this week's haul in this thread [January 18, 2016]
So, when's the next Mario game in the main series coming?
My uncle gave me Wind Waker HD for New Year, but the box art is from Europe
Aonuma unsure about having Link speak in Zelda games
Thanks Nintendo!
Best Bаse Of AdultDаting. Free ассess аvаilаble 2 hоurs. Hurry up!
What wii u game are you most excited for for 2016?
If Martin Scorsese directed Super Mario Bros.
Feature: Five Key Reveals and Releases That Will Define Nintendo's 2016
Super Smash Bros Melee Reveal E3 2001
Happy NU(64) Year!
UK games retail down in 2015 but Wii U game sales rise slightly
Super Mario Maker Buttons From Best Buy Came In the Mail!
Gamexplain plays all E-reader levels in SMA4 VC
NintendoMusic now on Dubtrack! :D
Did anyone get one of these in the late 90's?
'Pokemon Go' release: details revealed
Need a list of all the Fire emblem games released in the US.
Is there a way to get rid of game updates?
Lucas Plays 100 Mario Challenge | Mario Maker
When is a time you have been trolled in a nintendo game?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 26, 2016
Twilight princess HD sold out again, will it be back?
Opinion: First impressions of Paper Jam, and thoughts Nintendo's hand-holding.
Is it just me or are Virtual Console Games extremely overpriced?
PDP Pad or Classic controller Pro for Wii Xenoblade?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 09, 2016
Is Zelda Wii U in Development Hell?
The Legend of Zelda | Series in Review (Part 1)
Nintendo expected to launch a new handheld game console this year
I wanted to know what the developers were thinking while making Sticker Star. Luckily, I found this...
[USA Only] Bravely Second: End Layer Collector's Edition - Nintendo 3DS on Amazon for $70.
Nintendo to start talking more Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, here's some art - Nintendo Everything
Nintendo NX Portable Coming in 2016 and Console in 2017 (More Analyst Speculation)
Nintendo eShop - Lionel City Builder Trailer
Original Super Smash Bros. Commercial
Majora's Mask and Time - RoryJ
Do you wear the Wii remote wrist strap? Strawpoll!
[nintendo] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
What Could Sakurai's New Game Be? (Nintendo Discussion)
Wii U Street View is Being Cancelled
Please Help me remove parent lock on my 2DS
Nintendoozy, my old podcast.
Nintendo NX Portable Coming in 2016 and Console in 2017, Says Analyst
Can we just take a moment to actually realize that there is now OFFICIAL Mother 3 merchandise in North America.
Deluxe R.O.B NES set price?
Bought son a 2ds
does anyone have any experience with buying from the nintendo shop from europe?
Anyone think NX could be a Nintendo's journey into VR?
Crazy stuff this site just gave me a Wii points card code and I can't believe it actually worked! To get one yourself just go to http://freewiipointsforever.com
You choose one Nintendo system, handheld or console + 3 games for that system. Everything else is either erased from your memory or you never get to play it. Your choices are basically the only system and game to ever exist. What did you choose?
Can somebody give me any info on this DS cheat thing?
What side-character would you most want to have their own game?
Looking for some GCN and Wii games that are less popular than they should be.
[Nintendo Press Room] Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems - Jan. 21, 2016 [US]
What is your favorite piece of music ever composed by Nintendo?
Just learned that badge arcade bunny dances to the miiverse preview song.
What were you holding your breath for, that never happened?
Any good platformers coming this year?
Is anyone thinking of buying Final Fantasy Explorers for 3ds?
Is anyone else annoyed with the lack of track times in Mario Kart 8?
Newest Pokken Fighter revealed
3 Times Nintendo Killed People
[Hyrule Warriors] Linkle Wii U Gameplay
Winter Warm-up Sale (January 28, Week 3)
New Smash Bros For NX Launch? (RUMOUR)
Strawpoll! Super Mario 3D Land or World?
I love simple yet deep hacks, like this hack that flips Super Metroid on its side...
Who knew such detail could exist in a game city?
Nintendo’s increasingly flexible approach to business
Do you use the Wii remote rubber jacket? Strawpoll!
Current Amiibo collection.
Super Mario Maker 30th Anniversary Button Set (Best Buy)
[Rumor] Same-sex relationships removed from Fire Emblem: Fates in Italy
Got this at a pawn shop today for $10
New strawpoll of which (unconfirmed) games you would like to see on Wii U this year
We smashed our way into 2016.
May I ask why people like Splatoon?
Am I the only one how didn't enjoy the Prime games?
What happened to the Wii U game announcement today?
test new to reddit
Does Terraria on Wiii/3ds have ANY exclusive content?
Perhaps the NX uses the new laptop thunderbolt external graphic card trick. Making it a Portable and a Console.
Nintendo's year of unrelenting suffering is finally over!
What would you all think about possibly having a weekly NX rumors/speculation megathread, instead of just random articles being posted?
Question about 2ds or new 3ds and JRPGs (x-post /r/jrpg)
February Pokemon Nintendo Direct *LEAK* New Pokemon game and more details on Pokemon Go!!!!!!!!!!
Mario &amp; Luigi: Paper Jam comes in a red case.
Difference between NES systems?
What is scariest nintendo game moment?
What's good out there in the world of Nintendo homebrew?
Do you think Mario Kart 64 will come to the North American Virtual Console?
[Best of 2015] Best Writing
What's a Nintendo game that you own that you don't think anyone else on /r/Nintendo owns?
Have I outgrown platformers/Mario or do I just suck at 3D?
[Nintendo Press Room] Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems - Jan. 14, 2016 [US]
Want to see Layton come back with a new series? Sign the petition inside the thread!
What are some examples of "perfect" Nintendo games?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 05, 2016
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 06, 2016
A poll and discussion: Do you believe that the NX will be on store shelves November of this year?
Super Mario Maker Web Portal and Minecraft: Wii U Edition undergoing maintenance this week
Today I learned that Metroid II (unlike Metroid 1 and Super Metroid) cannot be depicted as one single contiguous map to scale, because it would have many sections that overlap or warp. In a way, the Metroid II map is three-dimensional.
1004 SNES covers in a gif
Fire Emblem Fates Special Edition Pre-Orders Made Past 11/18 Are Being Cancelled
The Smash announcer voices crazy Nintendo lines, characters and more
[nintendo] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Pokemon GO - Beta - iOS\Android
Now Nintendo 3DS XL can Run Windows 95
Binding of Issac: Afterbirth DLC may be coming to Wii U after all... This makes me really excited as Rebirth is so good on Wii U!!!!
Windows 95 on a Nintendo 3DS is as strange as you’d think – Engadget
Mario Suite #4 - 20 Top Stages From r/MarioMaker
Satoru Iwata Will Be Honored With a Lifetime Achievement Award from the D.I.C.E. Awards
Star Fox Zero to release April 22nd, according to Amazon.com Product Page
Owners who went from 3ds XL to new 3ds (regular sized), how was the transition?
[UK] crazy price crash on 3ds and 2ds in Tesco's
Where can I check Nintendo's copyright files for their IP?
Xenoblade Chronicles X has sold 300k in the US since release. Is that considered a flop or success?
Dank maymays anyone?
[self-post] Looking for a jacket(Legend of Zelda)
So here's a question i can't kind an answer to for the life on me.
I have a theory about Super Mario Galaxy.
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 31, 2016
What are your thoughts on Mega Man 2? r/Nintendo Retro Game Club discussion thread
Maniac Mansion
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 27, 2016
I make vinyl decals, what design should I put on my 3DS?
Nintendo Wii not sold on Amazon?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 07, 2016
Merchandise Monday - show off this week's haul in this thread [January 04, 2016]
Hard Drive Confusion
What's your Favorite Nintendo reviewers and/or YouTube channels and why?
Exactly what it feels like to play the slot machine in Mario 3
Fan creates Hyrule Temple as character in Smash Bros. Brawl
Media Create (Japan Sales) 1/18/2016 - 1/24/2016: Hyrule Warriors Legends Sells 54,479, Splatoon Sells 13,764, 3DS Sells 39,677, Wii U Shifts 11,298 Units
Star Fox Zero just got classified in Australia, mentions some form of online interactivity.
Squid Sister Amiibo COULD be a thing
MARIO MAKER HELL
unity is coming to the new 3ds
All GameCube games - part 3 .. covering letters F - J
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD – Adventuring with amiibo
The results are in - /r/nintendo's Best of 2015 Awards!
It seems Monolith Soft is gearing up for their next project. I can't wait for the NX.
What art style is this?
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD has a new dungeon. But you need the Wolf Link Amiibo to unlock it. • Eurogamer.net
Super Mario Advance 4 and Zack &amp; Wiki hitting the North American Wii U eShop tomorrow
confession Аttеtion! It's nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! This is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt!
Animal Crossing: New Leaf - codes
Nintendo 2016 Predictions
Gamasutra - Nintendo 3DS sales hit 20 million in Japan
Kimishima comments briefly on Splatoon, sales, NX, and more
All I could think of when watching the PKMN detective trailer.
Pokémon X/Y in-game on Citra
Is Meteos going to come to the 3DS eShop? It was the best puzzle game on the DS
[Probably Nothing] The Wii U's web browser runs "NetFront NX v2.1"
BPlus planning to bring Puzzle Blocks Setup to NX
The Force Awakens characters and their Pokémon
Will a normal sized new 3ds come to NA?
Should I Pre-Order the Pokémon Red/Blue 3DS?
So what do you think of the new xenoblade game, was it worth the full price?
Is Triforce Heroes worth it as a single player game?
Why do pokemon white and black and white 2 and black 2 cost less than other past pokemon games?
Are there any good Nintendo games with an anti-Capitalist narrative?
Twilight Princess on GC vs Wii?
Had a lot of bad feelings towards Wario, like he robbed me of another Super Mario on Gameboy. Getting to know him now, he's not so bad.
Final Fantasy Explorers E-Shop copy
New Box Boy game
Would you want there to be a Nintendo vs. Capcom?
Why is Ganondorf getting one sword move in Smash a problem when Ness having one bat move isn't?
Whatcha Playin' Wednesday - what are you playing and what are your thoughts? [January 13, 2016]
Would like older friends to play Animal Crossing New Leaf on 3DS
Zelda's Temple Of Time Recreated In Unreal Engine Is Perfection
Hey, I'm Danika and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Nintendo game manuals available as PDFs
Quick Analysis: Can You Buy Nintendo?
Found this unscratched, thought someone would like it!
Smash Bros., Scalability and the Nintendo NX
Rumor: Bandai Namco working on several NX games, Smash Bros. a launch title
Twilight Princess back in stock at Best Buy
Zelda: Twilight Princess HD Head-to-Head Comparison p2 (Wii U vs. Wii, GameCube - amiibo Trailer)
No booth for Nintendo at GDC 2016 - Relation to NX reveal?
New Super Mario Bros H looks like a cool mod for New Super Mario Bros Wii, like Newer.
Editorial: Let's Make 2016 a Year of Nintendo Optimism
Medarot: Girls’ Mission announced for 3DS! Series's first 15+ rating in Japan.
My friends and I worked on a game, and it's coming to the Wii U next week!! (Shutshimi: Seriously Swole)
Macronix to supply memory for Nintendo NX.
Nintendo NX Discussion
super mario 64 open world rom hack or fan game
Question about Wii virtual console on Wii U
Did anyone get excited when the first battle in Paper Jam start?
Need help with finding cute and/or weird DS/3DS games!
Could the Nintendo World remodel mean something?
Xenoblade Chronicles X has sold 300k in the US since release. Is that considered a flop or success?
Nintendo said they'd talk about the NX in 2016, and I've heard nothing so far, thanks for another broken promise
I'm offering eight $10 eShop codes to the first people to beat my Mario Maker levels!
Since Pokemon's 20th Anniverssary is coming up, what is your favorite Pokemon generation?
This week's European downloads - January 28 (LEGO Marvel, Final Fantasy and more)
Daisy's in Super Mario Maker!
This guy did a rendition of a forest symphony from Zelda
The reason Virtual Console is "dark and blurry"
Nintendo making anime, movies, theme parks and more
3 Reasons Why Devil's Third Sold Poorly
You've probably never played... Motoko-Chan no Wonder Kitchen (Super Famicom)
Do these Super Paper Mario glitches work in the Nintendo Selects version of Super Paper Mario? NA?
Nintendo has a tumblr page now
RUMOR: NX Platform May Use ARM Architecture, Drivers for Google Fi Present, Possible NX-Based OS Update for Wii U
[USA] [H] Persona Limited Edition 3DS used, Mario Luigi Dream Team, Kid Icarus Uprising (with AR cards), Donkey Kong Country Returns 3DS, Smash Bros. 4 Soundtrack [W] Paypal
Nintendo will reportedly launch a new portable console this year
Does it seem strange to you that there's so little news on Zelda U despite it supposedly coming out soon?
Top 10 New Nintendo Video Games Sales 2015
Is it just me or does Nintendo.com block access to their checkout pages from certain countries?
Very cool level-up pipe mug
New Nintendo 3DS Pokemon 20th Anniversary Edition Preorder Available at Gamestop for $200
Shovel Knight pre-orders back up on Amazon
Is it just me or that the media is running away with all these NX rumors?
If you had the choice to have Nintendo do a HD remake on any game of your choosing which would it be?
Quick Question RE Super Mario Galaxy on virtual console?
please help, lost the name of a GBA game
I'm new to the 3DS. Am I able to use my DSi charger to charge it?
Nintendo NX CES Leak
The eagerly anticipated Princess Daisy flair is almost upon us.
When red, blue, and yellow release for the Poke' 20th Anni, will they be compatible with Pokemon Bank?
What are your favorite 3rd party games that have come to Wii U that aren't as talked about as the big "main games" for Wii U?
Mario &amp; Luigi Paper Jam Impressions?
The amount of Zelda games we can play on Wii U and 3DS is staggering!
Shower Thought: With the release of Twilight Princess HD, LoT:TP has officially been on every single non-handheld Nintendo Console since Gamecube.
What Nintendo games do you expect to be seen as small curiosities years from now?
I bought a used nintendo 3ds but I need to know if it's working or not
How many years do you think it'll take for people to accept 3D World is awesome?
Region lock questions on pokemon games
discussion: Miitomo Good or Bad?
My Experience Buying Refurbished Nintendo Consoles
Steamworld Heist, did I just get duped or should I have researched more?
Would you rather have a Wii U HD remake of Super Mario Sunshine, or a Wii U HD remake of both Super Mario Galaxy AND Super Mario Galaxy 2 in one game?
Animal Crossing X Parks and Recreation (Parody)
[Strawpoll] Which DKC trilogy is better? The originals or Returns?
Malo will be in charge of Zelda's Official Twitter
Jackal (NES) Review
Will Nintendo Show Up at CES 2016?
Face petting removed in the localized version of fire emblem fates
Super Mario Advance 4 is on the JPN eShop, could we see added amiibo card functionality to compensate for no e-reader cards?
Twilight Princess HD screenshots in scans of this week's Famitsu
Report says new Paper Mario coming to Wii U. Reportedly in testing phase and could be announced soon!
Where is the mushroom kingdom located? (analysis/theory/speculation)
[Came into work on my irl cakeday with my cube decorated like this...](http://imgur.com/a/rGIGO)
(NA only) Free BIT.TRIP Runner2 download code
Help With 3DS XL?
Does Daisy's snubbing prove that Nintendo is biased against redhead female tomboys?
Nintendo gamer leaves console on for more than 20 YEARS to keep saved game
Will Isopropyl Alcohol Wipes Damage Wii U game discs?
Speculation: Who Thinks It Would Be Cool If The NX Launched With Special Edition Systems?
Need my DLC's back
Does it seem strange to you that there's so little news on Zelda U despite it supposedly coming out soon?
Can we discuss the European version then?
So what do you think of the new xenoblade game, was it worth the full price?
Super Mario Maker Buttons From Best Buy Came in the Mail Today!
Question about Nintendo Badge Arcade
What is your favorite Nintendo controller?
Fire emblem Fates Question Thread
Just beat Xenoblade chronicles [original] for the first time. Here are my unpopular opinions on it. (Spoilers, duh)
Good games? 3DS
New owner of a top loader nes. Any advice?
ActRaiser 2 [ Snes ] Final Boss
Another Twilight Princess Comparison Video (Wii U vs. Wii)
Everything we Know about the Nintendo NX — Nintendo Life
A New Mario Vs. Donkey Kong Amiibo Challenge Game for Wii U and 3DS
Super Mario 64 Madness Compilation
Nintendo World to change name to Nintendo NY in Feburary
Pokemon &amp; Mythology - Did You Know Gaming? Feat. Jimmy Whetzel
I'm giving away my japanese mario t-shirt. Mens size medium. US only.
[UK only] Blue 3DS XL and Pokemon X for £14.34 (!) at The Game Collection
Wii U BUYING GUIDE! - Steampunks
Now You're Playing With Power...
When you overdose on the ''carrot juice''
For those who are curious about that Legend of Zelda commercial that got taken down in YouTube. This is the commercial:
Came into work on my irl cakeday and found my cube decorated...
My gamepad all of a sudden will not connect under certain circumstances
Question about getting an N3DS
Hey r/nintendo, does anyone know where I can find HD versions of the Mario 64 paintings?
As a Fan of the first 3 mario party games, help me choose another?
Times when Nintendo tried and failed miserably to compete with other games?
What will make me buy Nintendo NX
Looking for Nintendo soundtracks. Why is this an exercise in futility?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 23, 2016
Am I the only one who really likes Dillon's Rolling Western?
Challenge: Describe what a plausible Teen-rated Mario game would be like
I just bought a Kiwi Gameboy Color.
All Nintendo related game series anniversary
I think we've all forgotten the true lost masterpiece game of Shigesato Itoi that never got outside Japan.
(RUMOR) Wall Street Journal: Nintendo Seen Likely to Launch NX Handheld This Year, Details Coming This Summer
Smite Promotions
Nomura Securities: NX will be unveiled in June and released October-November, Will Cannibalize Wii U &amp; 3DS Sales
Bayonetta 2 available in North America as a standalone game starting February 19th
#Pokemon20: Celebrate 20 Years of Pokémon! (Video)
Romain Jerome Swiss-made Super Mario watch can be yours for only $18,950
Found at Ike's Love &amp; Sandwiches in Downtown SJ.
Enterplay Super Mario Collector's Tin Opening!!
Genesis 3 has Oficially Partnered with Nintendo
Nintendo Minute – eShop Games
Minecraft: Wii U edition undergoing maintenance this week
Purchasing from Nintendo online store (x-post r/3DS)
Nintendo NX Rumors Suggest $200 Price Tag &amp; 60FPS Gameplay
Change Petition: Xenoblade Chronicles for the American Wii U E Shop
Just Wanted To Say Thanks For Keeping News Threads Level-Headed And Being An Awesome Community
The Game Boy Advance: A Personal Retrospective
What were your thoughts on Star Fox: Assault on GameCube?
After 10 years, my NDS screen has started showing a white vignette. Anyone know how to fix this?
is it possible to turn a wii on with a gamecube controller?
Is the gameshark for n64 safe?
What games do you recommend me to buy for the WiiU or new3DS with 50$ Nintendo eShop card?
Nintendo games with bad art direction?
[Nintendo Press Room] Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems - Jan. 28, 2016 [US]
What Are Your Mario &amp; Luigi Paper Jam Impressions?
Brand new or used games?
GameCube memory card recommendations?
Leak Sonic Adventure DX coming to 3DS
Real Life Super Mario Paper Crafts
A new way to look at Nintendo NX - Nerd Reactor
Daisy's Finally Getting a Mario Maker Costume.
Three Things Nintendo MUST Do For Nintendo NX / Project NX To Succeed
New Super Mario Bros. [Castle Theme] ReVamPt
Just found this in a shop...
GameXplain Discussion - Super Mario Maker Level Showcase
How a game-playing robot coded “Super Mario Maker” onto an SNES—live on stage
Pokemon Company giving out free Mythicals all year, starting February. Here's a complete list.
PushDustIn: Sakurai Isn't a Liar!
Since a new Paper Mario game has been rumored, what do you think the game is going to be like if it is really in development?
Hyrule Warriors Legends VS Hyrule Warriors - Side by Side Graphic Comparison
Splatoon getting its last weapon update today
Classic Mario in Perler Beads!
Giant Bomb's 2015 Game of the Year: Super Mario Maker
Zelda TP HD question
Nintendo Force magazine is giving away downloads of their Iwata tribute issue
Need to sell my Wii, what's a good asking price?
Looking for a game i played a few years ago!
Question about Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Echoes of Time
I 3D printed the N64 logo
Got an email from Amazon that Pokken was delayed
Is it too late for me to get a Wii U?
Looking for people to play with
Is there a good Xenoblade X guide?
Where does 2D Mario go from here?
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 28, 2016
Going to purchase a wii u soon, and already have a 3ds. Suggest me 4 games I should get please.
[RUMOR] So... an announcement might be coming soon... sort of...
So is Mario Party 10 really bad?
Question about the DS Expansion Pak (xpost from /r/nds)
What's your favorite example of Nintendoomed articles?
Build your perfect NCU (Nintendo Cinematic Universe)
GBA Box case material?
Help finding this Paper Mario (64) Artwork? [X-Post from /r/Mario]
Mario Maker down until tomorrow night for emergency maintenance
Latest 3DS Update may cause SD card corruption issues
Genei Ibun Roku #FE devs - thought about different genres, considered 3DS, more
[Rumour] Splatoon might be getting more DLC after all
Nintendo Minute - Let's Shovel!
Fire Emblem Fates 3DS XL up at Gamestop
Top 10 Nintendo Games of 2015
Does anyone know if this is an ips or tn screen?
My local movie rental store has Metroid Prime Trilogy and Bayonetta for Wii U.
Nintendo NX Rumor Roundup: 900p Graphics, Subscription-Based Online Service, Backward Compatibility And More : PERSONAL TECH : Tech Times
Looks like Obama collects Mario toys...
Super Mario Maker, costume slots 119 and 120, and the Daisy dilemma.
How to beat Super Mario Bros 3 in 11 minutes
NOA has butchered Fates.
I recently got interested on a Wii LAN adapter. Anyone can suggest me one?
I can't believe that we're over 24 hours into 2016 and there's still no news on the NX
Shovel Knight revived
NO, there is NO unannounced Paper Mario game. The "rumors" are bullshit as always.
so if mother 3 ever gets localized, what will it be called?
Did anyone else skip the 3DS and Wii U? If so, why?
Super Mario Maker 30th Anniversary Button Set
Why you should be excited for Metroid Prime: Federation Force
Bravely Second's Indian-themed boss is now a Cowgirl, with lighter skin.
First Split Depth Animation - Link vs. Pit
Zelda: Twilight Princess HD Changes: Chests Stay Open! And Better Epona, Swimming Controls
Beautiful Screenshot of Chapter 4 in Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door running at 4K resolution
Pokémon Gen I Graphics Rendered in HTML/CSS
Competitive Splatoon AMA happening on /r/Splatoon right now. Come check it out!
Feature: Why We're Still Playing... GoldenEye 007
US N3DS Pokemon 20th Anniversary Bundle $199.99 MSRP • /r/3DS
Garchomp, Braixen, &amp; (Regular) Mewtwo Revealed for Pokkén Tournament. Braixen &amp; Mewtwo May Be Wii U-Exclusive?
Check out these facts about Pikmin before Pikmin 4!
New books about Miyamoto released
Fans petition Nintendo to get Danny DeVito to voice Detective Pikachu
My new Legend of Zelda tattoo! (Artist: Jacob Green at Planet Ink in Hiram, GA)
Zelda Maker is back baby! But keep it on the DL, it's got a new name, and you can download it here
Nintendo Network to be Down for Maintenance on Jan. 11
Time for a new princess
If you recently got Splatoon, come be a squid (or kid) with us over at the subreddit!
How I think NX will handle backwards compatability.
Getting my first Nintendo 3DS console tomorrow. But I keep making myself think it's not worth it. But I know it will be. Help?
Help me pick between Superstar Saga and Partners in Time
Who do you think is the most genuinely evil villain in the Nintendo multiverse?
Play-Asia &amp; PayPal shipping address problem? Please help!
Can you help identify this NES game?
Can the 3DS play all the games the New 3DS can?
Pokken Tournament Confirmed For EVO 2016!
What's really the point of the 3DS as opposed to a 2DS?
/r/nintendo is back! Thanks to everyone who didn't post pornography this week.
Wii to Wii U transfer is hell.
Wii U Repair Costs $109?!
"Star Fox: The Animated Series" has been hit with a copyright strike from Nintendo
Some facts about Duck Hunt!!
The Nintendo NX: Separating fact from fiction
Twilight Princess HD: Faces of Horror
[SSFF] Punching Weight Ep 1 - I Can't Believe It's GameBoy Color
My app, SmashPad, is now on the iOS App store!
Nintendo NY on Twitter - Tomorrow Shovel Knight amiibo will be available for purchase! Limit one per customer while supplies last.
All animated reaction .gifs from Nintendo's line instant messaging pack! (Animal Crossing in the comments)
I 3D printed the N64 logo
Do you think Nintendo will increase the competition in party games on the NX?
What games would you like to see on the NX?
Trouble with N64 I just purchased, can anyone help?
Mario Maker Cartoon
Why is it so hard to find GameCube memory cards?
Wii U/NX Discussion!
Does anyone know how to get Official Licensing from Nintendo for an App? [x-post from r/zelda]
Help convince me to get Xenoblade Chronicles X.
What mistakes did Nintendo make with the Wii U?
Do we know the price of the bayonetta and corrin DLC
Harry Potter through the years
Should Nintendo have an actual presentation this year? (Way too early E3 discussion)
How does the distribution between video game developer, video game publisher, retailer, etc. work? For example, Code Name S.T.E.A.M. and Genei Ibun Roku #FE sold poorly in Japan. Then Amazon gets 1 million copies of Genei Ibun Roku #FE, but only sells like 100k copies. So does Amazon lose money on t
Gamepad Colour Balance on TV Settings?
[Best of 2015] Favourite Multiplayer Game
Cat Mario and Cat Peach discuss Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash, Hyrule Warriors Legends, and Splatoon in Japanese!
Nintendo Is Deleting People's Mario Maker Stages Without Telling Them Why
Bayonetta and Corrin to debut on NicoNico Championships
Top 10 Nintendo NX Launch Titles
Nintendo Licensing More Characters For Use In Film And Anime In 2016
How Misinformation Spreads
[Amazon US]Shovel Knight Amiibo preorders are up
The Legend of Zelda "A New Generation Begins" Leaked Video "Rumored"
Interview with Chris Newman from Lightwood Games
An article I wrote on my history with, and love for, the Game Boy Advance
Nintendo eShop Update: Super Mario Advance 4 and Zack &amp; Wiki coming to the Wii U
[RUMOR] Dailymail says NX will be unveiled in June, released in time for the holidays
Nintendo Removes Controversial Scene From English Version Of Fire Emblem Fates
New Nintendo 3DS XL Hyrule Edition
About the Daisy spam...
Shovel Knight amiibo
So, how far along are you in Mario and Luigi: Paper Jam?
I need more updates on Zelda U!
Anyone else think it's weird that we haven't heard anything about Genei Ibun Roku #FE since E3?
I found the retro 3 pack
Daily FAQ Thread - tech support, game recommendations, and more! January 12, 2016
How could Shulk see into the future in smash bros. if there were no Ether particles for the Monado to manipulate?
[Best of 2015] Best Visual Design
[PSA] Nintendo Network Maintenance Affecting Network ID Login - Monday, January 25th, 12-4pm PST
Which 3D Zelda has the best assortment of dungeons?
I have some question about FF: Explorers and Pre-Load
First 2016 Nintendo Direct predictions?
[Best of 2015] Favourite Nintendo 3DS Retail Game
Forts on Pokémon Go - Video Analysis
Super smash bros pokeball only battle!
Oddworld: New n Tasty “literally in the final steps” to hitting Wii U
Must Have Wii U Games, What Are Yours?
Nintendoozy # -1: How It Began, and Other Ramblings.
Nintendo just uploaded five videos to its Japanese YouTube channel: two about Virtual Console and three about Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash.
With free shipping, Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival is the same price as Isabelle, Digby, and the three cards!
Is this a joke?
&lt; +1 day to shitpost
The Surprising Story Behind Mario Maker's 'Emergency Maintenance'
NA, what EU games do you wish you had on Wii U VC? EU, what NA games do you wish you had on Wii U VC?
2 years of Nintendo NX rumors from today...
Trial of the Beast Details for Twilight Princess HD: 40 Basement Floors, Wolf Link-only, and More
[USA Only] Nintendo New 3DS XL Fire Emblem Fates Edition Best Buy Online Preorder for $200 with free shipping. Cheaper than GameStop.
Me yesterday, Did a really good lap! Mario Kart 8
What the mods are probably singing right now (Slightly NSFW - Mainly swearing)
I Swear the Start of This Song is a Less Twangy Puzzle Plank
Wall Mounting Old Games Has Never Been Better
Nintendo eShop - Lionel City Builder Trailer
How is Mario Golf N64 on the Wii U VC?
Pokken Amazon Order Question
How will Japan's negative interest rate influence Nintendo?
Question about WiiU eshop
I've had this song in my head since I was a kid, but can't remember the name of the game. Help me, please.
