Light streams and hands
Opinions: How much does the full Moon enhance magickal workings?
Time magic, or sigils.
Christian Occult Traditions?
Scientists May Have Just Figured Out Why Time Moves Forward, Not Backwards – Occultists Congratulate Them For Catching Up
Has any known occultists achieved telekinesis?
Go Forth And Let Your Brain Halves Procreate - Carl Abrahamsson
Why does Ishtar go to the underworld? [x-post from /r/mythology] -- any occult perspectives on this?
Can anybody identify the symbol on his shirt?
Bowie fanfic by Neil Gaiman
20+C+M+B+16 | Strategic Sorcery Blog
The Real Secret is easy...
Magic for Sceptics | The Kite's Cradle
https://youtu.be/hCb3EpS0UwM
Has anyone here opened their 3rd eye? Have you seen any cool things?
Name a few of Your favorite Occult sites?
David Bowie and Sigils
How can I manipulate energy to affect the physical world?
Anyone else feel that Golden Dawn style rituals "clutter" the aura?
Name of entity beginning with/containing A and Z?
Is luck quantifiable?
Books full of invocations, evocations, incantations, curses and spells.
Lovecraft and the occult
Early Egyptian Queen Revealed in 5,000-Year-Old Hieroglyphs
Fiddler's Green occult 'zine
Black Star Academy of Alchemy and Arts
Satanis: The Devil's Mass. Documentary on LaVey and The Church of Satan.
Sigils as Offerings
Gnostic Podcast--Pretty Good for Basic Weirdness
Meet The Angels | Occult Resource
Meet the mysterious ‘white witch’ who exorcised David Bowie’s cocaine palace
The chicken and the egg
Have any of you tried to evoke something but instead a deceitful entity came through?
Spells and Possesion [Need Help]
any help recognising this symbol?
Occult newbie seeking your perspectives. What does the practice and knowledge of occult mean to you at a deeper level?
I have a negative entity following me around.
Elongated skulls, genetically NOT human.
David Bowie Is Apparently a Frequent Guest Star in People’s Hallucinations
Coast to Coast AM - Occult Quest (1:15:22)
The Theory of Nothing
Does anyone know what happened to.this guy?
Are Gray Aliens Physical or Spiritual beings.
So I'm going to visit Laguna Azul in a couple of days and I was wondering...
Noob question: can you invoke multiple spirits to work together to get the desired effect?
Question about colors in Golden Dawn
bluefluke comic (part 2)?
Vanity License Plates About Magick?
Learning Hebrew?
Good reads for an atheist?
Lux Umbra Dei. (Cool occult website/maze)
Aperture to Daath and the whirling thunderbolt. Original painting for meditation/sigil work. Acrylic on canvas, 30x 40 inches. Hopefully you folks like it.
Contacting Lilith
Magic with a K (Let's Push Things Forward) by Alan Chapman (old but great)
The Exorcist | Banned/Unreleased Trailer - "Flash Image" - (beware if you are epileptic)
Have you ever asked yourself, What is my purpose? Awakening Your Potential with Corey Sheikh
Does anyone remember the PODSnet BBS? It has been resurrected by some of the old admins
Religious Demonology. #2 Is interesting. "Peritus of religious demonology and exorcism for the Roman Catholic Church and train priests in exorcism on a national level."
what do you need that dragon lord brotherhood we not provide for in this world money,fame,power,good health+2348087781848 join us to make wealth call for money without human sacrifices
Is 6 years old too young to be initiated?
ADVICE: Friend seeing shades/Shadow people (That are actually there. Details inside.)
Noticing Occult symbolism everywhere
Books on Imposing One's Will
Made a mistake thinking about skinwalker. Need immediate protection assistance.
Meditating on third eye... impaired vision (can't focus vision)
What do you guys think of the swastika?
Strawpoll - What's your star sign? In /r/Occult - Just for fun and observation of potential correlation.
Second Order of Magick: The Dyad (2016)
[occult] My name is ReginaJohnson, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
How Real Is Reality?
January 2016 – Planetary Overview: Major Astrological Aspects and Transits
Embodied Cognition Makes Strong Case for the Methodology and Functionality of Magick
A good framework for beginners here
Where do you like your lighting for black mirror work?
Influencing reality or our selfs through dreams.
Hey guys, this question maybe isn't for this sub but no one else will talk about it with me and I know you guys are the most open minded people.
Question about Sex and the Occult.
An offering of Enki's blessings.
Psalm 102 sounds very gnostic. Thoughts?
Minimalism in Magick and Mysticism
Why do so many people try to get in touch with lesser spirits?
Need advice after some magic mishap =/
Attribution of Golden Dawn Flying Rolls [Blog]
okay what does /r occult think of the way magic is depicted in holywood films like last witch hunter/harry potter etc
2 Fox crossed the road in front of me...
Which gods represent, to you, omnipotence, all pervasive consciousness, pure awareness, being etc. etc.
Lesser ritual of the pentagram question
Looking for a book. anyone have it in pdf?
Immortality via body independence?
Attacking the wrong people into your life
Self-created rituals?
The power of love and ecstasy, why focus on these emotions?
How do I have sex with this entity?
Magic and the Occult in Islam: Ahmad al-Buni (622H/1225CE?) and his Shams Al-Ma'arif
7 Signs You May Be Experiencing a Existential Crisis.
[occult] My name is Christina! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
What is the Hierarchy of Spirits? – Second Order – Good Spirits
ANCIENT EGYPT Mystery Schools - Season 1 Episode 3
Last night my vehicle was broken into. Nothing of major value stolen and could care less about the minor electronics. But my concern and reason for this post is the health related documents they stole (I'm a Therapist). Please read on below.
Social isolation has been a lifelong problem for me because I grew up in an unstable environment that followed me into adulthood and I cannot properly read people. What are the occult remedies for this?
Astrologer looking for feedback
156's "Kokoro" off Memento Mori
A well needed cleansing.
Transitioning from the Armchair
The Sacred Plants
The strange life of Austin Osman Spare, the first chaos magician
The Armchair Magician: The Occult World’s Fastest Growing Mental Disorder
David Bowie has passed away at the age of 69 [x-post /r/movies]
The Occult Universe of David Bowie and the Meaning of “Blackstar”
Quotes about Tarot
Symbols from the movie "Steppenwolf" (1974) - Can anyone tell me what they mean?
Light and Dark
Is esoterictalks.com (James Patterson) legit or some cult?
Why so much Satan?
White magic. What is White Magic? How can it be used to help the world?
Help with energy release
Mercury in retrograde (a passing thought)
Glamour/beauty spells
Seeing 'static' in everything? (Possibly just bad eyesight)
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:gaagiangalaaonslnaslaa
Someone got this "evil eye bracelet" I've done some research on it, but wanted some of your perspectives on it. What exactly is it about and which one in particular is this one from? Seems like there are different ones depending on cultures. Thanks!
Interesting account of Goetic working regarding money
Anybody read Occult Causes Of The Present (WWII) War by Lewis Spence? Looks interesting.
Curiosity, mushrooms, and preparation
My friend is writing a short story for creative writing. This reference was dank af
A question about knowledge of the past
Srinivasa Ramanujan: The Man Who Knew Infinity
Ask me anything about your future (Geomancy divination)
I must be missing something
A series of strange occurrences and coincidences happened a few months ago close to the Avenue Of The Giants in Northern California (/r/thetruthishere xpost)
What does the middle pillar meditation do?
Where can i find books on mysticism of islam?
Full Goetic Procedure/Ritual?
David Bowie, Lazarus, and recent celebrity deaths
How do you guys respond to those calling you mentally ill?
David Bowie Blackstar song (partial) interpretation theory: Reincarnation as a woman
indulge me: how do I make myself more prone to possession?
January, 25th: Mercury turns direct in Capricorn
Tila Tequila's Twitter right now lelelelel
Ants: awesome timelapse
Bowie, Crowley, Page, cocaine and the occult.
Bowie's Blackstar is not a good song
Any advice/warnings before seriously working with deities and spirits?
"The struggle to free myself from restraints becomes my very shackles."
Am i feeling normal anxiety or do i legitimately feel a negative presence in my apartment?
Breaking Bad Fans, which archetype would you ascribe to "I am the one who knocks."? And is that Heisenberg, or WW? (spoilers, obvs)
M&amp;Momancy: A Simple Exercise in Precognition
Can you just simply perform all your magic, rituals, and spells in your imagination?
Help, read a book, can't remember it's name.
Share your rituals !
Lesser and Greater Magic
Paging Tobin's Spirit Guide...
Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth (1988) - talks of comparative mythology and the role of myth in human society.
The Road to El Dorado is paved with gold.
Check out this Occult Kickstarter Project
DDD Suggested Readings for Jan 8: Lovecraft, Sartre, John Gray, the Decadents, Rock and Roll, David Bowie, nihilism, Charlie Manson, Kierkegaard, Wilde, Octave Mirbeau, Gary Lachman, Peter Bebergal, More.
Cosmogeny of an Animistic Mystic
Asked r/symbol if they knew anything about this, was told to check here and see if anyone knew. Any ideas on what this symbol might mean?
What are your most inspirational occult podcasts or videos and why?
Heaven and the big Conspiracy
Where do YOU draw the line with scrying/divination?
God/Goddess to help with Discipline
Book suggestions for body improvement Magick/rituals/etc? (i.e. strength training, cardio, weight gain &amp; weight loss, endurance, etc)
what methods do you guys use to scry from?
Breathwork In The Dark
Who were the watchers or the grigori?
Help translating a consecration into Hebrew?
projection magick
Gone to Crowtown - cool pics
Darcy Kuntz on Enochian Magic in Practice
"PERDURABO (Where is Aleister Crowley?)" (44 min) [YouTube]
The Israel Regardie Conference 2016
[Video] How to Meditate with Jason Louv
The 'Bible' is an alchemical treatise, designed to produce images [in the psyche of the reader] in a certain sequence, in order to influence the communal (un)consciousness and produce inner change, which becomes reflective in the outer world of each individual.
Starz orders Cuban-set supernatural series Santeria
New Moon in Capricorn (January 10th, 2016)
Near future of Occult, VR enhanced rituals? How would you imagine VR assisting in your development? What are the possibilities?
Incense and Magic?
What are you guys objectively certain of as being real and what are you guys objectively certain of as being false?
Will Made Manifest
recurring nightmares.
Did Crowley feed a guy peyote in a desert and then rape the guy?
What is the best type of candle, oil, and materials to use for a "good luck" spell? //CANDLE MAGIC//
/r/magicalactivists is dead
These Blackstar occult interpretations made me realize I don't understand Crowley's thoughts about IHVH, Jehovah, Yaldabaoth, and the archons.
Telling Tales Out of School
List of Occult Books – Weird Encyclopedia
autoloa: python scripts for automatic generation of spirit pantheons.
A Little Bird Told Me: Aleister Crowley and Genesis P-Orridge in Occult Art Show
On the Borderlands between Philosophy and Esotericism: An Interview with Gary Lachman
Automatic/trance drawing from today
Local VS Non-local entities (I just can't wrap my head around this)
Only a few days into Gematria and this sub and I am absolutely in shock.
In search of Hilarious Orgonite video!
How to deal with negative aspects in your birth chart?
Can your merkaba/light body be damaged/broken/trapped?
Table of Contents for Enochian Magic in Practice
Queen guitarist Brian May and his insidious Sanpaku eyes ---- Marshall Applewhite/Charles Manson/Putin/Kim
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my aald
Jupiter retrograde in Virgo (January, 8th – May, 9th, 2016)
The Science of Spiritual Realities
Websites Out there To be sociable with fast response rate
I cast a sigil for someone else-- without their permission.
realmagicground.com - material suggestions
Is there any sort of spells or rituals I can perform to increase the rate of weight loss or get rid of my sweet tooth?
Binding a familiar.
Do you absolutely NEED 40 beads for the exercises in Initiation into Hermetics?
Im loosing faith in astrology
I am in a crisis!
New questions about Magickal Ethics
Not sure if this is the right place, but I'm selling a paperback copy of Thomas Karlsson's "Qlippoth, Qabalah, and Goetic Magic"
If you could only recommend one book
Eliphas Levi - The Great Secret
10th planet discovered. What are your thoughts about its meaning?
When You're A 3,800 Year Old Sorcerer, Traveling Can Be Tough In The Modern Age (xpost from /nottheonion)
Some guy in /r/paranormal found a weird statue in the woods and thinks it's from "devil worshippers". People keep suggesting you guys to help identify the thing. Any ideas?
4chan figures out meme magic
The Secret Sun: That ol' New Age Thing Again (Resistance is Futile)
Some mind-bending (albeit controversial) thoughts on the magick of Michael Jackson.
Does anybody have experience with succubi? Is there any upside?
We had a total of 38 participants in the Secret Krampus. If for whatever reason you forgot to send out or didn't receive your gift please PM me
occult or brujeria?
Made my first sigil, when does obsession over results hinder it?
Getting a Ouija board.
Where can I find occult ebooks?
Qliphoth and the sitra achra
collapsing crane gematria
Do you know any occult practices to release DMT in the brain?
Psychic TV Tunes into the Astral Plane
I REALLY WANT TO JOIN ILLUMINATI AND BE RICH
Evokation question.... who should i do first?
Stupid Question: Can a hermeticist worship two gods?
Agni, born of Fire
Has anyone undergone psychotherapy? How was it?
Looking for feedback on something I'm working on...
How can I believe?
I reached a certain level of transcendence, but have backslid considerably. Looking for advice.
Studies Into Suicide
Lovecraftian-esque resources?
Class Disparity, Folk Magic, and Insurrection W/ Dr. Bones of The Conjure House
This was dripping with occult references.
Witchcraft Podcast~! (x-posted with r/witchcraft)
Knight of cups
Empires of Ambition Revisited
Occult Secrets Behind Pine Cone Art &amp; Architecture
Do the symbols in this video have any occult significance?
Free Astrology Readings
Encyclopedia of Symbolism
A Public Grimoire
A curious idea…
If you keep a note book to write all things occult, what do you have in it?
Standing meditation?
What is the sentiment of r/occult with regards to Islamic exorcism?
The french manuscript of the Lesser Key of Solomon
Portrait of the Artist as a Young Student. January, 2016.
New book “On Hermetic Satanism”
Did Ouroboros Press go out of business?
What is green light on someone's forehead?
looking for a certain french daemon summoning grimoire
Paradox as a foundation of Magick?
Gauging interest - How many of you would be interested in an e-book about wealth magick?
Dream interpretation?
Working with chakras?
Magick - How to Induce Trance &amp; Raise Energy
The Greek, Indian &amp; Chinese Elements - 7 Element Theory
[occult] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
Evil eye jewelry?
Looking For Ideas/Thoughts/Info on the occult. Share with me :}
Designing a detailed inner kingdom
let's play a game
Any Hermetic order of the Golden member here?
Adult Service Online! Find Your Love for sex! my oln
Sumerian Minor Gods and Goddesses - Crystalinks
Gnostic Themes in Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" - Dr. Stephan Hoeller
Guide to the 10 dimensions of this reality
What is the 5th Dimension • Is it real? Decide for yourself at /r/fived a subreddit dedicated to unraveling the mysteries of physics beyond "3-D".
The importance of balancing the Elements
Tarot versus I-Ching
Chaos magick reading list?
To the Chaotes in /r/Occult, How do you explain Chaos Magick to other practitioners?
What do all of you actually believe in here?
Very confused on the philosophy of curses.
David Bowie's Blackstar Art Released for Free to Fans
How the heart connects us to the energetic matrix (scientific research)
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for occult
New John Dee discovery reveals resemblance to mother and a mysterious 'dwarf'
Christian Influence on Occultism and Hypnosis (Part 2 of 2) - Part 1 in the comments
What do you think about Self-Destruction as magickal practice?
any achieves of old occult content?
Any links or sources for Icelandic Magic and its history
I may need a little help
Opinion On EA Koetting and his associates?
Occult View on the $450 Million Power Ball Jackpot
Odd experience with (or without?) spirit guide
I keep hearing this name/word in my head when I'm awake and asleep. Wtf does it mean??
Just out of curiosity is there a ritual for killing some one
[Tarot question] AC considered the Fool and the Magus cards as hermaphrodites. DAE thinks this way? What importance do hermaphrodites have in western occultism?
Is occultism even for me?
Psychedelic Meditation | The Blog of Baphomet
How the Brain Perceives Color Could Help Explain Consciousness
Golden Dawn Vault on Clipstone Street [Blog]
Wrong Turn at Albuquerque
Dream or voice interpretation
William S. Burroughs: The Possessed
Parallel universe
Mind Power Seduction
The Second Coming
I'm a musician (techno stuff) what cool magick rituals can i do while playing, cool stuff to improve the public's experience and maybe their lives?
Philip Farber on Memetic Entities.
Metaphysical KonMari: An Outline
The children who swear they've lived a previous life revealed
Astronomical events 2016
What Occult Can Save Me?
GREAT ILLUMINATING!! GREAT ILLUMINATING!! GREAT ILLUMINATING!! {666} +2348062963311
Changing of the body structure through magick
Question: Practice of Magick through painting
The format of your book of shadows??
RHP and Enochian Angels
How can I "find"someone I met in a dream?
Dream Interpretation
What is Gnosis?
Is all Occult Studies just Law of Attraction?
Childhood imaginary friends as spirit guides.
Traditional &amp; Ceremonial Pagan Costumes of Europe
Lovecraftian Bestiary
Chi in African Igbo Culture
"Recommended reading."
Mitch Horowitz and One Simple Idea
Is there anybody out there?
Practical occult practices away from all the mental masturbation of theoretical occultism
How to magickally _change_ my grades to high enough to be accepted into the program of my choosing? This is after having received low grades and a rejection email [powerful solution required]
Multiple personality and the Occult?
Some weird stuff has been happening to me lately.
Don´t drown in your own hate (send it back to the source).
A Strange Occurence~Thoughts?
Who do you consider to be the most Competent/Powerful modern Occultist?
Techromancy (no, not technomancy)
Black magic and its effects
Mercury Retrograde: A Deeper Look
Mind Beyond Mind: Seeking a Map to the Eternal.
David Bowie: "...I always thought Crowley was a charlatan."
The Origins of Modern Visualizations
Persona 4 and the Tarot.
Are there certain demons that are actually nice, kind and helpful individuals?
I Feel A Draw Towards Occult Stuff, But I Am An Atheist...
Dear Ya'll - An experience I had.
Do you feel like your mind is clearer and free from fear?
Most concrete evidence of the supernatural, astral, etc?
book recommendations
An excerpt from an Ancient Coptic Christian ritual.
I wanted to share some copper work that I do, and I was hoping we could discuss possibly positive metaphysical properties this piece of jewelry may have!
I make an occult comic called Bright Spiral, here is issue 3
A magickal device I made.
David Bowie - Lazarus
John Dee: Scholar Courtier Magician - Video tour and interview
Effects of Intent on the Karmic Consequences of Ritual
Gematria and it's uses.
theistic satanism any Forbidden Books/Sigils in Your Opinion?
Want to know more about mala, rudraksha, gemstones, and energy
Acts of blaspheme to reprogram years of dogmatic teachings.
Found something alarming on my natal birth chart &amp; it's really bothering me
What department of engineering do you suggest to be more suitable for Technomancy?
Financial Sorcery with Jason Miller - Part 1 of 3
List of Occult Scientists
Liber Lilith Question: Where did Steiger go wrong?
Magical thinking still haunts all our thoughts — How magical thinking haunts our everyday language, and fossilised ideas live on in even the most sophisticated science
At least one skull used in Santeria ceremonies found in Compton shop, authorities say
Looking back, it may be seen that the year of 2015 e.v. heralded unprecedented changes in Thelema, being a uniquely pivotal period in the New Aeon’s short recent history.
Sacred Space #YTPaganChallenge - Week 3
Rune Soup Podcast Episode 8 – Talking Hermeticism with Gary Lachman
An Interview with Stuart Mitchell Who Recently Turned the Shroud of Turin into Music
What Are You Enchanting For?
John Dee's obsidian mirror, courtesy of the British Museum in which a face seems eerily present.
Something that bothers me about Grant Morrison... (Occult Philosophy)
Questions from someone not formally involved but has had intense experiences (also involving David Bowie)
Any Good Men or Women that can help me find something?
I need peace of mind.
Trouble astral projecting?
Need help identifying an entity / dream interpretation help.
How do you feed a spirit animal?
5 Wearable Tech Devices You Can Use for Magick
'Demonic skulls' found near a Nazi briefcase within an isolated region of the Russian wilderness
Dr. Marco Pasi on Arthur Edward Waite
Religious Demonology. #3 Is interesting. "Peritus of religious demonology and exorcism for the Roman Catholic Church and train priests in exorcism on a national level."
An Introduction to Seidr
What I see a lot lately on r/Occult
OCCULT THAT GIVES MONEY IN THE WORLD,JOIN DRAGON LORD BROTHERHOOD FOR SPIRITUAL MONEY IN NIGERIA PORTHARCOURT +2348087781848 WE CONNECT YOU TO REAL MEN THAT OWN THE WORLD JOIN US WE MAKE YOU RICH INSTANTLY AFTER YOUR INITIATION
Occult dispute part 2: planar travel
Important: If you requested a Tarot Reading
Supposed Spirit War?
Traumatic experiences and grief. How do you change?
Is Derren Brown an actual occultist?
Book recommendations!
The Dark Crystal and the Kabbalah
Pick a card - Any card
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my ats
Beyond The Stars
Kenneth Anger reveals unseen occult art masterpieces
Akenu's Initiation: Wax dolls
Magical Egypt 2 trailer - incredible.
How To Visualise &amp; What Is Visualisation?
New Paper on Aleister Crowley’s Magical Use of Anhalonium Lewinii
"Gurdjieff: An Epic Life" [Documentary] (Video)
In your opinion, what is the best way? Why?
Serious question Why do musicians (the ones that like the occult) usually mention Crowley as their inspiration?
I seem to be a bad luck magnet. Help?
Stupid question maybe, but why is it called the LBRof the Pentagram?
When studying occult, do you focusing on opening your third eye as a main quest?
Is there anything here for me?
Differentiating between mundane events and occult ones.
best animated representation of a mental entity situation manifesting i have seen. Adventure time 7/19
Early occult museum exhibition in Manchester
The Dumb Side of the Occult - Woman Uses Spells To Fix Computers
The Analemma: The Secret in the Sky
David Bowie - Blackstar 2016
Made a sigil, does it even resemble one?
Music with strong occult influence. Not the obvious Lady Gaga crap, but more sublime. I will provide one to start off.
Can I offer my virginity to a sex demon for power in return?
Do potions have a place in modern occultism?
Power of Premeditation
My Succubus Possession Experience
How do I become an expert in going in and out of Void Meditation at will?
Beauty Is The Principle,Conciousness The Medium
Advice on opening of the Third Eye.
“May the New Year bring you courage to break your resolutions early! My own plan is to swear off every kind of virtue, so that I triumph even when I fall!”
Archangel &amp; Angel ebooks
Occult references In rap/music in general
How do you feel after meditation relaxed or energized?
Mage Magick: Royal C**ts That Piss Me Off and Other Similar C**ts OR Oc*ntism at Large
Meade Layne and the Borderland Sciences Research Foundation
Are physical alters required for devotion/magickal work? [Senor La Muerte]
Thoughts on Manly Palmer Hall
Mistakes Were Made [This is a Judgement-Free Thread]
A thank you to the sub.
Back Pain During Ritual
Here again with offerings!
What do you think about this website?
What charms do you always carry with you?
Ritual gone wrong?
US Presidential Candidates 2016 – An Astrological Approach
Dating Service Online! Find Your Love to night! my totn
A Buddhist’s Guide to Asura’s Wrath
Black magick normally is accompanied by bad energy – negative vibes?
Dimensional magic(k)?
If the occult is real, how come no rich or successful people used it and why is nobody successful on Reddit?
The strange experience
Has anyone ever wanted to start an occult "village"?
A spell to...cross paths again?
Seeking (dark) ritual practitioners in Los Angeles area
How do you discipline yourself?
seeing the future in dreams versus predicting the future.
Tangible Results
Hey, I'm Carla and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Affordable Enochian Chess Set
Hey, what's up with the Great Nobody?
The site of the Salem Witch hangings has been found
Seeking ritual for upcoming Wolf Moon
Why “IS MAGICK REAL?” is the Wrong Question
The Kybalion: A Study of The Hermetic Philosophy of Ancient Egypt and Greece
War Magick against someone I don't know personally?
Ask, a Grandmaster at Kabbalah, questions on life and Kabbalah.
Does anyone have any experience with Dinensional Jumping?
Recommendations for practical planetary magic books?
Seeking info on strange dreams that include Native american fire dance, baal, Mary, and japanese cliff jumpers
Recommendations for films with occult themes?
Mariya Lesiv - The Return of Ancestral Gods: Modern Ukrainian Paganism - Radio 3 Fourteen
‘Mother of modern witchcraft’s personal collection to be displayed for the first time
Mercury Retrograde in Aquarius and Capricorn (January 5th – January 25th, 2016)
What is the difference between a sorcerer and a magician?
How To Make A Sigil
Who here is well versed in the art of memetic magick?
Before I go any further...
Becoming a professional occultist?
Manifesting Will... Critique my findings
Tree of Life vs Modern Magick
John Dee painting originally had circle of human skulls, x-ray imaging reveals
PART TWO of my series on how I used my comic THEM as a Magickal Working.
Book of the Law (by Aleister Crowley).
Can You Miss Yourself? | Ascension Lifestyle
John Dee, 1527-1608 by Charlotte Fell-Smith (1909)
I think I brought something back with me from a DMT trip
In the middle of this Bowie worship
Consequences of rejecting a blessing?
Is there anyone I can Talk to who is into Satanism??
Remote Viewing - how many other /r/occult/ users do it?
Making a new sub which is similar to /r/occult but it focuses on the magick of love and ecstasy.
Where to start with goetic/spirit magic?
Anyone interested in getting a reading?
I killed a man
Banishing Ritual of the Hexagram
Why I Can’t ‘Do It’ With Atheists, And How Magick Made Me Less Of An Asshole
Could anyone help me identify elements from this meditative drawing?
Ruminations on Divulging Magickal Secrets to the Uninitiated
Pendulum spirit communication.
A skeptic interested in the study.
Opinions on Potions
Is there really something to it? And by it I mean magick?
Occult Attractions of Rio de Janeiro?
Question about the Qliphoth
Anyone interested in the Moorish Orthodox Church?
"Luk Thep" Child Angel Dolls, the Occult craze sweeping Thailand
Bubbles was recently spotted taking part in a secret Illuminati ritual at the Bohemian Grove
I figured "Aleister Crowley has a posse" must exist, but I did not expect it to be so well done.
Lux Umbra Dei.
Weaving Fate Podcast, Ep. 1 (Types of Witchcraft)
what was your first spell and your second?
Favorite Quotes?
something interesting I noticed
Is there a couple's binding ritual in any religion?
How do you guys fact check your sources?
Differentiating Between the Magical and Mundane (part two)
A beginner's guide to invisibility by The New Yorker.
