Your One Stop Shop for Urdu.
PM Justin Trudeau truck art.
A gay kiss in China led to this in Pakistan
External debt may swell to $70 billion by year-end
PPP grabs powers to grant ‘prosecution immunity’ amid opposition protest
15. ستروق فچوے ریاخسونگ - استاد : سید مصطفی موسوی
A fair and reasoned appraisal of counterterrorism efforts, by Moeed Yusuf
Healing the Wounds of War between Bangladesh and Pakistan
Lifting the veil – giving transgenders a chance one cafe at a time
A molvi explains why Mumtaz Qadri should not be hanged
After the Pathankot affair - Pakistan
China urges Pakistani leaders to resolve issues over CPEC project
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Lahore
British Pakistani actress Sofia Hayat
Are we Middle Eastern or South Asian.
Thoughts on Ho Mann Jahan?
Watch Imran Khan blushing when Bipasha praising his beauty
Report Card On Geo News 25 January 2016 Pakistani Talk Show - Daikhtv Videos Portal
Local non-Shia, non-Iranian source for the recent killing of Shia student in Fateh Jang
Police arrest cleric for 'inciting' boy to cut off his hand
Giving Pakistani children a voice at Davos
Bara Market Will Open for Business
Army Brats can relate :D
Man with sewn lips flees captors custody in Lahore.
The stories behind Pakistani Pop's cult songs from the 90s (interviews with the artists : saleem javed, bunny, khaled anum, fakhr-e-alam, waqar ali, dr aur billa, amir saleem and hasan jahangir)
The last time Pakistan shared their culture with India.
Jehangir Kothari Parade
Haq's Musings Karachi
46-year-old Pakistani man was arrested for suspicion of sexual assault of boys aged 10, 11, 13
[META] In response to /u/mo_rar's post about most of the songs on Patari being illegal.
Our expert photographer shoot on weddings
Gunmen attack Pak University, explosions heard
Hotmail register or Hotmail sign up for free Hotmail email
Pakistan Lift Ban on Youtube
Lahore Bank Robbery
Old man singing an old song in the streets.
Provincial status for GB to jeopardise Kashmir cause, warns Yasin Malik
Is Pakistan ready for a take-off? - Ahsan Iqbal
ASTAGHFIRULLAH Qabar Main Azaab Ki Awazain Rawalpindi
How can a Canadian calculate Calculation of Aggregate Percentage?
GTA: Vice City
Thought this AMA on r/india might interest you guys.
I am negotiating with agencies, claims Maulana Abdul Aziz
Syria, ultimate pipelineistan War
If the Terrorists Win Their War on Education, The World Loses.
Pakistani Couple Spearheads Underwater Drone Development in Australia :
Zakir Naik: Are Nursery Rhymes Halal? (PARODY)
Volunteer Work Options in Islamabad?
Searching for an Underground Generation in Karachi, Pakistan
Son of 81-year-old Ahmadi man jailed in Pakistan turns to Australian Government for help
Commander: Pakistan Playing Mediating Role between Iran, Saudi Arabia
What are your favourite films from Pakistan? /r/movies has a thread for it right now!
“…Schools, health centres &amp; hospitals in KP all duly inspected &amp;mostly found to be doing splendidly. Peshawar was bustling,bright at night with a thriving retail sector.There was a firm view that things had got better. Quite a lot better. And for everybody not just a few lucky folks here &amp; there… “
Pakistanis exchanged 393.1 bn SMS during FY2014-15: report
Did Reddit just got BLOCKED in Pakistan?
A few questions from across the border
Pathankot - How is it being viewed in Pakistan
So randomly , both Youtube and a bulk of porn streaming sides get unblocked..
Top Restaurants to visit in Lahore in 2016
India-Pakistan dialogue: PM Modi is smart but here's why Nawaz Sharif deserves special applause
VW's China Partner Plans to Assemble Cars in Pakistan in 2016
New Tax Amnesty Scheme For Non Filers
Protests erupt in Pakistan, IHK over Shia cleric's execution
Aladin Amusement Park
Chaukhandi tombs
I need your help/suggestions/opinions.
Reddit banned in Pakistan?
Rant, from the other side.
Pakistan among states that will face turmoil for decades: Obama
Power outage hits most parts of Punjab, KP
F-16 sale delayed in US Congress
NSFW! Vintage Indian Erotica - Can someone verify/explain this?
Pakistan and Sri Lanka strengthen military ties with JF-17 deal
Reham Khan sings a Jagjit-Chitra ghazal. Well played.
Pakistan To Recieve Upto $500 Million Post MSCI Re-Classification
Cheapest courier to send parcels to Pakistan from UK?
Punjab govt bans Tablighi Jamat stay, preaching in Universities
An Islamic revival among urban Pakistani women
Pakistan by bus: all aboard Lahore’s sightseeing double-decker
It’s a sad ghar wapsi for Pakistani Hindus
3 Talwar (Swords), Clifton, Karachi
When traffic gets jammed in Lahore, they get out of their vehicles and dance :P
Funny Pakistani cooking host Bushra Ansari making pakoray
Pakistan vows to wipe Iran off the map
Reddit not working in Pakistan?
/r/Pakistan, list your favorite podcasts about Pakistan
The Pakistani generals were playing a double game inside a double game: They took Americans’ billions and supported Taliban fighters who were killing Americans, and also secretly helped Americans kill Pakistani Taliban in the C.I.A.’s drone war, letting the Pakistani civilian leaders take the heat.
ARY takes back tainted Dr Shahid Masood to unleash him on the govt
Bacha Khan University Attackers Vow to Target More Schools ‹ Newsweek Pakistan
Multifaceted learning: Non-Muslim students across Sindh to study ‘ethics’ from April 1
cricket lover must visit
ISI of pakistan great success
3g Internet Packages in Pakistan: Mobilink 3g Packages
Startup funding in Pakistan up by 600% in 2015.
Worst of 186 countries, Pakistan has highest stillbirth rate
US Netflix in Pakistan: How to Unblock &amp; Watch VPN DNS Proxy
Story of Kamran Ahmed: from Sukamedan Skardu to the Royal College of Surgeons (Ireland)
A Hindu Pilgrimage in Pakistan
Pakistani child sex abuse victims struggle to rebuild lives
Urdu-Ahl Al-Bayt Laws
Provincial Disease Surveillance Unit Still on Papers
'Revive him or else': Plight of the Pakistani doctor
Gayle’s live TV chat up line backfires in Australia
Pakistan has great maritime potential
Dark knights: From Akram to Amir
Dr Asim admits to ‘role’ in Karachi Stock Exchange crash, court told
Packaging industry: $80m can manufacturing plant to be set up in Faisalabad
Identity of [Pathankot] terrorists still unclear. "... a presumption till now that they belonged to JeM. It could be LeT as well… we don’t know yet,": Indian Intelligence.
Senate throws spanner in works of PIA’s sell-off
The Golden Age of Arab Research &amp; Development
Best bang for buck 4G mobile network in Pakistan? I see prices hovering around 650-1500, for 4gb-10gb monthly packages. Some advertise 4G but only offering 3g? What do you use?
What's all this gloating about?
Lyari gang war leader Uzair Baloch arrested by Rangers 'outside Karachi' - Pakistan
Best Areas For Real Estate Investment In Islamabad
TIL Muhammad (PBUH) married 6 year old
Timeline of Terrorist Attacks on educational institutions in Pakistan (2011-2016)
A short clip about Tiger Hill Point 5353 (Highest Peak in the Kargil Region) which is still under Pakistan's control after its capture in the war.
[Hip Hop] Adil Omar - Spiderman
7-year-old boy dies after being gang raped by 'influentials' in Bahawalnagar
‘Indian machiavelli’ urges confronting China
Pakistan arrests imam after boy cuts hand off in blasphemy error
Your favorite rendition of Qaumi Tarana?
Best ISP in Islamabad except nayatel and PTCL(already have PTCL)
Nisar claims ‘deal’ between govt, leader of the opposition.
9 historical Pakistani mosques that will transport you to another time
10 killed in suicide attack targeting security forces vehicle in Khyber
Sri Lanka drops plan to buy fighters from Pak after India objects
Samsung offer Pakistanis to replace their smartphone with a Galaxy S6 Edge and Note 5
Pakistani women nurture trees and pride in forest drive.
A Good General how to leave the podium
Walking in fear as a Muslim
PM adviser Siddiqui pushing Shahbaz Sharif to appoint Kamran for consecutive third time
Last-ditch effort to prevent Feb 2 PIA strike
20 killed after gunmen attack Pak University
ERP Software: The Ultimate List (87 ERP software Reviews and Rated)
Rangers operation in Punjab on the cards
Free Texting Online
Pakistan is a safe country, good business destination: Canadian parliamentarian
Footprints: Road to radicalisation?
"Pakistanian" is the language spoken by Pakistanis according to DC Comics.
PSA: Netflix available in Pakistan now!
Karachi Kings Team Pakistan Super League 2016
Hello, we're PTCL
5 Best Music Streaming Websites To Use In Pakistan
Serious, intelligent, substantive discussion only. On Altaf Hussain, meaning-both textual and context/subtext, political strategy &amp; implications-thereof. Pakistan's perspective, both home &amp; abroad/ex-pat.
No More Ban on Youtube in Pakistan!
You May Call Me a Ghadhar But....
Boy gang-raped in Mansehra
Why is Nawaz getting cold feet on Sindh?
High Quality Urdu Audio Books now available on Amazon via Audible.com! Free Sample available.
Can football herald peace in strife-torn Kashmir?
Reddit blocked in Pakistan?
Reddit blocked: PTCL being silly little shitheads as usual
TIL about Quaid Azam
Why was it such a big deal that we didn't change our minimum age for marriage from 16 to 18?
I'm in a Jam - help me out with a quick culture question?
Rangers arrested Lyari gang-war ringleader Uzair Baloch
Inzamam ul Haq telling what Imran Khan told him before the match
"Debunking the 'founders' of Two-Nation Theory" by Umer Ali
2016 Trends and Geopolitical Forecast: Mega Analysis of Europe, Eurasia and the Middle East | Global Research
Punjab sinking in Pak drugs worth Rs 7,500 crore per year: AIIMS - The Times of India
War against militants in FATA nears its end.
India Gives Deadline To Pakistan to Take Action Against Pathankot Terror...
Maester Aemon Targareyan from Pakistan
Why can’t we have our own IITs in Pakistan?
পাখি শিকারে নিষেধাজ্ঞা তুলে নিল পাকিস্তান
Thora Haso bhai
China hits India where it hurts
Pakistan Successfully Tests Ra'ad Cruise Missile
This Vegetable Seller in Lahore Leaves His Shop Open All Night Because of His Faith in Pakistanis
Saudi Arabia Has Devastated Pakistan’s History of Religious Tolerance and Diversity
Remembering 'Bacha Khan': The beleaguered legacy of 'Frontier Gandhi' – Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan
IMF: Pakistan’s Tax Revenue Can Be Doubled Through Equitable Tax System :
html second tutorial 2
New Qaseeda Burda Sharif 2016 by a Bloch Brother (Peace for Soul) Must Listen
Outcry as Pakistani Rangers search NYTimes reporter's Islamabad home in 'terrorist operation'
Human Development Index: Sindh has slowest growth in provinces
Pakistan PM vows to eradicate honour killings after Oscar nod
What's it like to be a pedophile?
I love seeing people adventuring around the world in leather jacket.
Reddit not working in pakistan, without proxy/VPN. Anyone else?
Pakistan military's role
Pakistanis pay as much as 47% tax on gasoline
Are we losing our T20 matches due to Shahid Afridi’s captaincy?
Russian Army to hold first mountain drills with Pakistan in 2016
"Afghanistan rejects its soil was used to attack Pakistan" How dare they copy us! We should sue them.
Barack Obama: Instability will continue for decades in Pakistan - Times of India
Tenu Pyar Ho Gaya
SC judge says YouTube is an educational tool
KSE brokers condemn arrest of three AKD officials by FIA
THE PATHANKOT PARADOX
Shaikh Zayed college Lahore
Help understanding a Faiz ghazal
Visiting Pakistan In March, in need of information about traveling to Azad Kashmir.
Watch Mehwish Hayat Sing a beautiful song
Pakistan's conundrum over the Saudi-Iran feud
MCL vs PSL – India to fail PSL – Sethi gets double
Why Taliban special forces are fighting Islamic State
Afghanistan: 13 killed, 15 injured in suicide bombing in Jalalabad
ایک فیصد افراد کی دولت ننانوے فیصد افراد کی دولت کے برابر
Kiya aap ko Pakistani tv dramye pasand hien?
Australia Day is in stark contrast to how he used to celebrate Pakistan’s Independence Day, we couldn’t join the celebrations because of our religion "
Public irritating against Vip culture
Reddit not working
Can you buy an Amazon Kindle in Pakistan?
9 Awesome Things About Our Dads
A self-made Jahangir Siddiqui: in the Beginning
Pakistani-born Artist to show off his iPad Drawings at Apple Store event in Boston
Rawalpindi in 1975
Ten-fold increase in foreign tourists for Lahore's Walled City
Son, eat before you die: Pakistani mother told Pathankot terrorist
US expresses concern over Pakistan’s nuclear and missile programmes, calls for restrain
any one here knows how long it takes to get a spouse to usa?
Fahad Mustafa And Mehwish Hayat Team Up With Om Puri For The Film "Actor in Law"
What does tose naina lage piya saware mean?
We may have moved up in the World Corruption Perception Index but we still have a long way to go.
Before Shadi 5 Essential Things That Needs To Be Discussed
VIDEO: 1 Killed, 50 Injured in Gunmen Attack to Northwestern Pakistan University
Pakistan Railway Sets New Example by Favoring One Telco in its Tender :
India has given fresh evidence on Pathankot attack: Nawaz Sharif - Times of India
Happy Birthday to Professor Abdus Salam
Chinese and Indian fighter jets face off amid regional turf war
Women in Sheraniland
India, Manohar Parrikar behind university terror attack: Ex-Pak minister Rehman Malik
Terrorism case against ST chief, others for NAP violation
Five-year programme: Ahsan directs NLC to frame business plan
Two Indian Air Force men killed in attack on airbase near Pakistan
Imran threatens to launch 'anti-rigging campaign'
Is the Pakistan version of YouTube ‘a shadow of original one’?
Pakistan among world’s 9 most illiterate countries: Dr Attaur Rehman
Top 10 Best Places To Visit in Pakistan
Six Pathankot attackers crossed into India from Pakistan
CCTV feature on KKH
Pakistan To Recieve Upto $500 Million Post MSCI Re-Classification
LAYS TVC: Wasim Akram and Lionel Messi
Informative lecture on science and progress by Dr. Pervez Hoodbhoy
India, Pakistan look to tap trade as peace dividend - Times of India
Stupid Pakistani media refering to a third class local website as "Amreeki Nashryati Idara"!
Hp Touch Smart Pro Notebook X2-612-G1 Laptop (Core i5)
India defeat Pakistan in first Blind T20 Asia Cup
Sialkot man confesses to raping daughter
LIVE Pakistan attack: Gunmen storm Bacha Khan University; 6 dead, over 50 injured
No reply from centre to KP’s security package request - Pakistan
Frequent floods intensify migration, food security in Pakistan’s mountainous north
Beautiful view of tarbal lake kpk pakistan
What the hell is going on with the Power in this Country?; Second major power outage in Punjab in a month.
What is the best courier to send a parcel to Pakistan from the UK?
Earthquake! Stay safe folks
MI5 tried to recruit Indian-origin 'new Jihadi John': Report - Times of India
‘COAS green-lighted NAB action in DHA Valley scam’
Online Shopping Corner
I think Youtube and PTA gave done a deal...
The rise of Pakistan's 'burger' generation
Khattak threatens ‘extreme step’ over CPEC project
I'm an avid traveler and Pakistan is on my mind.
Civil society seeks registration of case against Lal Masjid cleric
Back from the enemy country - Pervez Hoodbhoy
Type of debate happening in our Majlis-e-Shoora.
First Sikh Ranger takes part in flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah border
Pervez Hoodbhoy Introduces Quantum Mechanics in Urdu
Home Sweet Home by Salman Toor
Mann Mayal [Episode-1] (Thoughts on Hamsa Ali Abbasi's much awaited return to television?)
Pakistan - Toilet of the World
Hello, we're PTCL!
Pakistani Keystone Kops arrest Cricket Fan for Hoisting Indian Flag
It is High Time to Discard the Pernicious Myth of India’s Medieval Muslim ‘Villains’
Threatening graffiti appears on walls of Faisalabad girls school
Building the Counter Narrative Against Wahabism (Islamic Extremism) in Pakistan
The Art Of Bitcoin.. Crypto 101
Seminaries’ empty accounts perplex govt agencies
Because our underwater Internet cable is damaged, here is some info on how they are laid in the first place. (xpost r/educationalgifs)
Islamia College (Lahore)
Fawad Khan And Hamza Ali Abbasi Cast As Maula Jatt And Noori Nath In Bilal Lashari's Upcoming Remake!
[Question] Telenor Pakistan salaries
Why is it that I can't open reddit unless I'm using a VPN?
Anyone else's power out since morning?
Help getting Amazon tab delivered from Amazon.com
Pakistani specials
Pakistan’s Unnecessary Martyrs
Riyadh’s Geopolitical Designs. Expanding Saudi Arabia’s Sphere of Influence?
PEMRA become ‘daddy’ in Saudi-Iran conflict
The mystery of Lal Masjid
Tanqeed: Being an Ahmadiyya Muslim Woman in Pakistan
Man held for protesting against Saudi Arabia
The western route inauguration done a week back. Those highways were funded by ADB and thus not CPEC
Joke: What is the difference between a Pakistan Wedding &amp; a Taliban Training Camp?
What is the worst place you have been to in Pakistan?
Unity Faith Discipline in Urdu
Full highlights New zealand vs pakistan 1st odi 25 jan
Alia Bhatt and Siddharth Malhotra will be together on Valentine’s day
NFC award: K-P gathers support to push Centre for due share
Ayyan Ali Currency Smuggling Case
"Just because he is Shivum &amp; I am Faizan, doesn't mean that we cannot be best friends." - Diwali, Krishna Mandir, Lahore. (Humans of Pakistan)
Bushra Ansari's cricket song from Show Time. Cracks me each time I listen to it.
Army-run schools in Karachi to remain closed till Jan 31 - Pakistan
Manpreet &amp; Naina @ Warrior Bhangra 2011
An alternative solution for the Stauts of Gilgit Baltistan
Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy's Documentary Bags Oscar Nomination
Qawwali Version of Sweet Child of Mine
Lawlessness for Hindus in Pakistan
Has anyone used the PTCL high speed broadband internet packages?
In spirit of cultural exchange with r/pakistan brothers, I am sharing amazing music of my region
Can anyone explain the "Innoxent Angel" thing to me?
Does anyone know Malware research or Info security related companies in Pakistan?
Bhutto speaking about 'flabby' generals
Danish Kaneria: I am being mistreated because I am Hindu
Punjab Govt Plans to Extend Metro Bus Route
‘IS recruiter’ arrested in Karachi
TIL Pakistan accepted ICJ jurisdiction in 1960 and the Marshall Islands wants to take it to court
Hey, is there any legit way in Pakiatan to earn Facebook credits?
Am I the only one who can't access Reddit on PTCL?
Pakistanis in Germany or Sweden, what is the current situation like after NYE attacks and migrant sex assualts?
Another attack brings out Pakistan’s conspiracy theorists
To The Point: Husain Haqqani Speaks Exclusively [Indian Media]
I made a few hyperlapses of my trip to Nathiagali in March 2015. Really beautiful part of the country
"A rescue official talking to DawnNews quoted a rescued student as claiming that 60 to 70 students had been shot in the head by the attackers."
Charsadda attack: It is time to ask Pakistan Army some hard questions
Chinese prefer Pakistan, want to move away India as neighbour: Survey
List of TV Shows available on Netflix in Pakistan
US Congress 'stalls' sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan: Report
MERI QUAM BARI JAZBATI HAI
PM launches Voluntary Tax Compliance Scheme
Muslim woman gets kicked out out of Trump rally — for protesting silently
Is any house music produced in/by Pakistan(i)?
PTCL is looking for beta testers for the new Smart TV App - and we're giving away a year's use of the app if you blog about it!
Need of guidance.
Largest Pakistani Entertainment Channel
Three-year anti-polio plan approved
Ch. Mohammad Sarwar's story: Veteran politician tells how he rescued two Glasgow sisters abducted and forced to marry by relatives in Pakistan.
Former foreign minister Sahibzada Yaqub Khan dies at 95
Since we have so many of these, here's a video on the science of trolls.
Police arrest cleric for inciting boy to cut off his hand
One injured in grenade attack on ARY News in Islamabad
Mohammad Amir back in Pakistan squad after spot fixing ban
Saudi severs diplomatic relations with Iran
PTCL subreddit
Resignation letter of Jogendra Nath Mandal to Liyakhat Ali Khan [1950]
What's your opinion on hijama
Sufi shrines in Pakistan
Welcome back, Youtube!
Indian Guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Terrorism in Pakistan
Pop Idols by Kamila Shamsie
Pakistan improves its ranking to 117 (2015) from 127 (2014) in the Corruption Index by Transparency International.
Minorities in Indian polity
Ishaq Dar’s financial terrorism
Dr. Shahid Masood Talk Shows Daily Updated
Campaign for Abdul Sattar Edhi to receive Nobel Peace Prize backed by +30,000
The resumed dialogue with Pakistan cannot be revoked due to “one attack", says the BJP
Adorable 3 year old is very happy to dance for you Pakistan!
Nick Woodman, Founder of GoPro developed the GoPro camera while listening to Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan among others
Wtf is happening here?
Sudden Earthquake in Islamabad
Bara Khyber Agency - Official Website
A reminder that Pakistan has the second highest refugee population in the world (For Euros and their sycophants crying over refugees)
The big debate: to sell or not to sell PIA?
Pakistani Shia student beheaded by his friends for wearing jacket of Imam Ali name
Science discovers health benefits of the "murgha" position
US is spending $1.7 Mn against DDoS!
Balti-Islamic Morality
Tracking the footprints: All roads lead to South Punjab
Government College University
Halal Holds Antithetical Indian Humans Back?
A vpn is needed to access reddit now?
How can i learn more about pakistan?
Reddit is back on ptcl.
Did Qubee just block imgur?
India, Afghanistan direct terrorism in Pakistan: Latif Mehsud - Pakistan - Dunya News
Urdu as official language: Supreme Court to hear contempt pleas against PM
This is Chaudhry Nisar.
Karachi-Based Startup, Sukoon.com.pk, Becomes Pakistan’s Highest Valued Online Home Repair Company
APS Attack: The video game.
Can someone tell what sect these people are from?
Foodpanda Garnered 1 Million Orders and 422 Million Rupees of Transaction for 2015
Pakistan will not send ground troops as part of Saudi-led military alliance: Aziz
Pakistan to set up first mega nuclear power plant: Ahsan Iqbal
Wagah Border ceremony top post on /r/videos [x-post]
Hello Pakistan! What is the weed scene in pakistan?
The strange silence surrounding an Indian military exercise
LIVE: Three injured as gunmen attack Bacha Khan University in Charsadda.
What's "typography" in Urdu?
No marriage law for Hindus in Pakistan
Syed Haider Farooq Maududi on Jamaat-e-Islami - Video Dailymotion
5 classic Pakistani songs that send confusing messages about consent
Time to leave Afghanistan?
Secret attraction: Frozen Khalti Lake becomes winter sporting arena
Terrorist blows himself up as railway bomb plot foiled in Jhelum
I am the leader and I see red... Am I fulfilling this duty? Have I failed the parents of Charsadda victims?
Bill aiming to ban child marriages shot down
British people are proud of colonialism and the empire, new poll finds
The punishment of Pakistan
Something in the air
Five security personnel killed in Quetta IED blast
Ahsan Khan's video of homeless man goes viral, Pakistanis shower support
Pakistan expels senior Bangladesh diplomat as 'spy' row escalates
Is any one else having trouble in accessing Reddit from Pakistan?
Salaam!! Indian here. A question for Geo-politics and Indo-Pak relationship enthusiasts.
Help understanding a Faiz ghazal
What was the reaction towards Princess Diana dating a Pakistani bloke?
Marrying a wealthy Pakistani woman?
Pakistani teen cuts off hand over blasphemy accusation
Journey of a failed politician, a successful gangster
How Vulgar and Cheep Pakistani Stage Drama Has Become
Urdu-Ahl Al-Bayt Laws
Pakistan army officers involved in attack on Indian Consulate: Afghan police
[Satire] News anchor makes a blunder. NSFW Urdu words.
Faisalabad police arrest three PML-N supporters for abducting 'famous' PTI cat
Did PPP cover 71 war defeat by declaring Ahmadis/Qadianis kafir?
Where can i find hydrocolloid bandages in pakistan? Are they available?
KP Govt to upgrade trauma services at DHQ hospitals
Pakistan’s first hand-drawn animated film
Traffic Police Open Corruption At Jinnah International Airport Karachi
All PIA offices to remain closed today
Strong quake shakes KP, Islamabad
Man in Gilgit Returns 1 Million Lost Money to the Owner
Pemra issues guidelines on Iran-Saudi row
Well this changes things. Poor guy helped by Ahsan Khan has different side to his story.
India and Afghanistan are behind terrorism in Pakistan: Latif Ullah Mehsud
India’s top five sources (Of money being sent back) are the United Arab Emirates, the U.S., Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Kuwait.
Have you been able to get on reddit today from Pakistan?
Must Visit Places In Peshawar
Porn sites targeted in major crackdown by Pakistan authorities.
Govt Empowering Youth to Serve as Drivers for Growth, Development » World The News
17 Astonishing Places You Wouldn’t Believe Are In Pakistan
10 pictures from Gilgit-Baltistan to instantly wow you
'70pc' of the country without power as transmission line trips near Muzaffargarh: NTDC sources
ٹال مٹول کرنے کی بجائے زندگی کو منظم بنانے والے افراد زیادہ بھرپور طریقے سے زندگی جیتے ہیں
TechJuice: Pakistan's 25 high achievers under 25 years of age
Child abuse: ‘Bring Rs300 daily, otherwise don’t come home’
At a gathering in 2006 in Islamabad, Pervez Musharraf was astonished that Masood Azhar, who had tried to assassinate him, had visited the main Defence Jamia Masjid, made a speech and collected donations. ISI never informed him
Balti-Fiqh and Life (Jurisprudence)
Karachi public stop VIP vehicle who hit a motorcyclist, news reports shots fired by guards. Vehicle smashed.
5 Pakistani Inventors who made a difference in the world
ISIL won’t get very far in Afghanistan – for now
Pakistan improves its ranking from to 117 (2015) from 127 (2014) in the Corruption Index by Transparency International.
Stay strong dear brothers and sisters. Love from the other side of the border.
Winston Churchill: Britain’s “Greatest Briton” Left a Legacy of Global Conflict and Crimes Against Humanity
Akmal Lands in Fresh Controversy
TIL Pakistani Supermodel Cybil Chaudhry Is Part German And A Single Mother of 2!
Emphatic ‘No’ by AJK for G-B’s provincial status
Deosai National Park, Deosai Plains, Northern Pakistan
An Indian artist visited Pakistan to make street art on fearlessness
42 IS supporters arrested in Punjab: Rana Sanaullah
Take action within 72 hours or forget talks: India's ultimatum to Pakistan
Punjab terror attack exposes Pakistan's doublespeak
Pathankot attack: Sharif calls up Modi; promises prompt, decisive action
Christopher Lee and the making of Jinnah
When traffic gets blocked in Lahore :P
If you become Martial Law Administrator of Pakistan, what would you do in your first 100 Days ?
German Pakistani Journalist goes Undercover in a Swiss Asylum Home
How to Pakistan by Mosharraf Zaidi and Fasi Zaka on iTunes
1971 'Jihad' - Print ads from West Pakistan.
Gunfire, blast heard inside Bacha Khan University in Charsadda
Why the west’s view of the Saudis is shifting
Charsadda Bacha Khan University Terrorists Attack 20 People Martyred
Earn Money From Youtube In Pakistan
Strike after strike fail to change US outlook on Pakistan
SRI LANKA: India Opposition Forces Sri Lanka Not To Buy JF-17 Thunder Fighter Aircraft From Pakistan
what a phenomenal journey! way to go
Bahria Town Celebrated New Year Night
Of child marriages and medieval mindsets
PML-N policies: PTI figures out what has gone wrong
History of the indus valley
NoContext: Pakistan is so sassy.
Debunking the 'Founders' of the Two-Nation Theory. Brilliant well-researched piece on the invaders, bigoted mullahs, and opportunists that are now labeled 'heroes' and 'founders' of Pakistan
Should I try my luck at CSS?
Has anybody here used shophive.pk? Are they reliable?
Good news for Arabs and Sharifs, ban lifted on hunting of ‘houbara bustard’
Pakistani citizen arrested for hoisting Indian flag at his house
PTA now marching on DailyMotion?
Will NAB go after Kamran Kayani?
How India, Pakistan resumed peace talks
Pakistanis, Syrian attacked in Cologne, Germany amid tension
Why we love to ‘hate’ the Feminists?
Punjab govt directed to grant remissions to convicted army man
Police played main role in fighting terrorists at Bacha Khan varsity
‘We have been dubbed anti-state and anti-army’: Editor of Dawn on jingoism in the media
Who is Taliban commander Umar Mansoor? VISIT LEARN GO
PTA Orders ISPs to Block Over 400,000 Objectionable Websites
Women on Wheels = 'Beyhayai' on wheels?
Aqeel Karim Dhedhi security officer in jail
Blackberry to continue operations in Pakistan
Why Do China And Pakistan Love Each Other?
خان صاحب،وی آئی پی کلچر کے خاتمے کااعلان،کیا بنا؟
One Classy TAG Heuer CARRERA Watch for Men in just Rs.1120
What's the most violent/extremist sect in Islam?
The Pakistani Dystopia - The New Yorker
Syed Salahuddin warns Pakistan against crackdown
পাকিস্তানে বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়ে বন্দুকধারীদের হামলা, গোলাগুলি-বিস্ফোরণ
Magnitude 4.0 quake felt in parts of Punjab - Pakistan
K Electric ka kamaal, 11 crore se zayed ka bil bhaij diya
Modi condemns terror attack at Peshawar university
LiveLeak.com - Pakistan Army soldiers brutalisng, slaughtering &amp; butchering unarmed civilians
Launch: Under emblem of PSX, there lays some bitterness
At least seven killed, 10 injured in blast near Quetta polio centre - Pakistan
AJK govt opposes moves to convert GB into province
China attaches high priority to relations with Pakistan: Xi Jinping
[Humor] Best random Pakistani video on INTERNET! #AndayWalaBurgor
Chinese admiral hails Pak-Sino military drill as reflection of strong ties
Saudi defence minister arrives in Islamabad to seek Pakistan's support
[R]Hello r/india, I am a Kashmiri Pandit, with my parents, and they were driven out of Kashmir in January 1990. Ask Us Anything about that night and time! : india
Job In Pakistan,Jobs in Karachi, Jobs In Lahore,Jobs In Islamabad,Jobs In Multan,Jobs In Peshawar,Jobs In Faisalabad,Jobs In Hyderabad,Jobs In Punjab
Lahore girl who was gang-raped attempts suicide after 'pressure from prosecution'
Nexflix Now Available in 190 Countries Including Pakistan
The Golden Age of Arab Research and Development
Karachi Sea View
Reddit Blocked?
Humanitarian work opportunities
Fireworks at the tallest building of Pakistan
Sikh Ranger at Wagah Ceremony
Eyewitness Account on Bacha Khan University Attack
More to Pakistan than cricket and terrorist threats
Pakistan vs New Zealand 2nd T20 live score, stream
