Crib training went from kind of smooth sailing to nightmareish. What worked for your child best?
2 Year Screaming at Dinner Help
Settling arguments between the wife and teenage son
Weaning by 13 months
My kid (6f) keeps saying hurtful things about my adoptive family not being her "real" family and it is driving me nuts!
Normal for my son [1yr] to hit so much?
Toddler eating habits / teaching healthy food relationships
Dad with anger issues. Help?
Tonight my two months old daughter went potty first time
Has ADD/ADHD treatment advanced?
Potty training 3 year old daughter - if shes naked she uses the potty without fail, if wearing underwear she will go in those.
Forcing child to pick up a skill, good or bad?
Parent making sports uncomfortable
My teen's world has things I never had to deal with (maybe a rant or a vent or just talking about it).
Someone I know posted a picture to Facebook of their child in a washing machine...
Would you buy a paper book for a toddler?
Should your child learn to code?
Good app for product recall alerts?
Parents of primary school aged kids - Please help!
Children who spend time with their fathers have a higher IQ
What age did you let your kids watch Harry Potter?
Just a quick question
Car seat/vehicle choice
Toddler terrified of pooping
SAHM here, 3.5 and 0.5 year old boys. Feeling overwhelmed and need guidance.
Step mom needs advice on serious topic.
3 year old with severe separation anxiety from grandma..
Done having kids?
My neighbours daughter Sarah [8F] accused my son Daniel [7M] of pulling on / pulling down her tights.
Hey everyone, I have a question that Im having trouble answering via google. I have an 11 month old who is speaking but Idk if this is common or what it could mean...
It's time for me to admit that my toddler is outsmarting me at every turn.
Appropriate or inappropriate for a 5 year old?
I lashed out. What do I do?
Does anyone else have a kid who is a textbook case of ________ but only at home or with close family/caregivers?
Best Feeling ever...THIS! Making parents proud should be one of the life goals
Tips for Parenting
Updatehttps://www.reddit.com/r/Parenting/comments/3zhx4v/is_it_wrong_to_buy_five_year_old_presents_for_no/
What are some service oriented things I can do with my kids to help them build empathy?
Emotionally Managing Yourself
Nightmares in a three year old- help!
Apartment living question. How much do you limit your young child's behavior due to neighbors?
Husband is SAHD, an addict, and a split would destroy our daughter...help? (Long)
Baby feeding issues
So what was the most age-inappropriate gift your in-laws got your toddler for Christmas this year?
Stupid hygiene question: cleaning ears?
Help for --&gt; Int'l flight + wife alone + 12 mo
Neighbor with boyfriends
How do I throw an 8 year old boy birthday party at home?
Long distance grandparents?
Giving baby medicine
My spouse seems to think missing a few days of school for a vacation is OK
Questions to ask to find a good au pair
Potty Training Help
Need Families to Feature in Upcoming Book on Family Finance
Free PB Kids Backpack - Girl named Blake
Would you hire a male babysitter?
Hello to Spring and save 40% Off $75 or 25% Off all baby &amp; kids clothing at The Children's Place. Love it?
What to do when schools tell you to use medication for your ADHD child
Qeepsake Digital Baby Book?
Parents who have struggled with an ex-spouse and child endangerment... please help me.
Toddler throwing food at dinner table
Opportunity for a 4 day get-away with my wife...not sure about both of us leaving our 3 and 1 y/o boys that long with their grandparents.
Travelling over land to the US from Canada
Overseas vacations with young kids.
3 year old having a hard time adjusting to new teacher
Some advice on what to do next. Mom stays home with our 3 year old, I work but we're running out of $
Brushing infant teeth
17 month old pretending to choke when eating.
Been my step-daughter's biggest father figure and most involved for 5 of her 6 years alive. She's getting in trouble for calling me dad at her grandparent's house
Why do kids feel that whatever they're doing at the time is more important than peeing?
Grandparents want special vacation with only one of the grandkids.
Expecting Twins
This kid will only nap on me.
Autism questions
Circumcision at 6 months old
What is important to consider with regards to having kids before buying a home?
Is it wrong to buy five year old presents for no particular reason?
Normal for my son [1M] to hit us so much?
My 5-year-old has extremely negative mood swings. At what point is this a concern/what is normal?
Daytime wetting, timed voiding schedule, or medication reminders? Make parenting "easier" with a BuzzyWatch by BuzzyHealth!
My wife couldn't find her wedding ring yesterday, we decided to have our baby x-rayed just in case...
Very strange breastfeeding problems. Really need help. [LONG]
At my wit's end - frustrated with ill child, feel like a terrible mum plus CPS home assessment starts tomorrow.
My 13 year old daughter just disclosed sexual abuse which occurred 5 years ago. I'm a wreck ...
What is your opinion on having an absent father paying child support when the mother doesn't need it?
Can anybody recommend audio stories for bedtime?
[Australia] Recovery Orders in New South Wales
Help me be less anxious
My daughter is 3 years and 2 months old and is still pooping her pants, but only at home.
I need a dad-approved diaper bag that still feels not-diaper bag-y. More info inside.
Vacation ideas for family with 2-year-old
But you KNEW I was going to need them!!!
Acute Day/Night reversal is breaking us down- what do we do?
Trash talking me to my daughter??
How much baby proofing do people really do?
Are there any habits you are blindly passing on to your kids for the simple reason it's how you were raised?
What has worked for getting your teething baby to sleep?
Parents of children on the autism spectrum- what was your child like as a baby? Did you have a hunch or did someone steer you in the direction that something was "off"?
when did your kid start becoming interested in you/your feelings?
This Is My Son Jameson, and No, You May Not Use His Photo – Jameson's Journey
Are You A Drone Parent?
Made a post about parenting in /r/FinancialIndependence yesterday and realized afterwards it sounded like something out of Crusader Kings 2.. what do you think?
[advice] I "get along" with kids but they don't listen
Concerned my nanny is not trustworthy. What would you do?
What would you do if you caught your 4th grader cheating on a test.
A Hospice for Babies - food for thought (and non-dry eyes)
My girlfriend doesn't want to teach our kid my religion, I disagree, an advice?
Best stroller for urban environment?
Recommendation for an Android tablet for baby/toddler?
Another installment of things I never thought I'd say.
Winter birthday party ideas.
Is it possible/worth it to try to curb toddler snacking?
Weekly - Things my kid said - to share all the things your kids say. - January 14, 2016
Age gap and room sharing
16 month old daughter wakes up constantly during the night
Do your kids know if you are poor or wealthy?
3yo tantrums due to OCD-like behavior
I feel smarter already! (x-posted from /r/CasualConversation)
4 year old. Night terrors?
"The interesting thing about toddlers asking 'why' isn't the question, it's the answers, and how those answers shape their life." -my dad
Questions about kids savings accounts
I [29F] am fed up with trying to "talk" to boyfriend [29M] after he sees nothing wrong with napping while watching our 2 y.o.
[Advice][Question]How do you stay at home parents make extra money?
It's not like she gets it from me
My dad of the year submission
Help! Video Games/Internet had affected my 16yr brother (no parents in his life)
Discover kids activities near you in seconds with Yuggler
How/when did you know having kids was the right decision for you?
Few questions about my nieces
How on earth do you get a toddler to poop on the potty?
I don't want another kid but feel selfish not giving my child a sibling
Parents with kids with behaviour problems, what were the first signs?
When/how to tell my 5 year old that the cats are going back to their original owner?
Advice on transitioning a 2 year old in to a new room?
what will happen to your kid(s) if they become orphans?
My 20 month old won't sleep past 4:30-5:00am. I'm so tired. Any advice?
Need help choosing a music player for my son
Weekly - Ask parents everything - January 19, 2016
Wife has bad anxiety. We're in the middle of the blizzard, and needs a pick me up.
3 year old will not keep fingers out of his mouth
I (35F) despise my best friends (40F) son (9M) and it's making me feel indifferent.
Does a 3 year old understand dishonesty?
Parenting Classes
9YO Boy Refuses to Wear Dance Leotard
How can I get my 13 month old to sleep later than 5am??
Taking care of two babies at the same time...how does this even work, logistically?
Tips for handling a 20 months old who won't eat ?
My 3-yo says the weirdest stuff when he wakes up crying sometimes
In your experience, what's the best toy for a 6 month old?
Need advice for couples friends
How can I [21] help my brother [12]? Anger problems
Convince my friend she gives her kids too much extra homework…or tell me I’m wrong
I feel like I'm going insane
Here's how to get your kids investing at an early age
US may lack resources to treat kids in disasters
Funniest/most shocking pee accidents?
Cherish your Kids with Cooking
Tiny Docs needs feedback on pilot episode, "Shiver Me Tonsils"
Moving with 3 year old out of her grandparents home.
7 yr old son is asking to go to the office to lie down several times a day at school complaining of stomachache or headache, but is never sick at home. What's the best way to handle this?
I'm crushingly lonely
How exactly do you teach opposite-sex siblings to refrain from sexual activities?
Weekly - Things my kid said - to share all the things your kids say. - January 21, 2016
4 year old is big on saying, "I hate you," when not getting his way. It's wearing on me....
It's called a TOOTH brush for a reason!
Old crib for limited usage?
"I didn't lick anything."
Help!!! 10 mth old won't sleep anymore ? Teething
Shoes for 1YO?
Part time daycare for socialization?
Thoughts on the different options on TV for young children.
All I ever click are the ads I between your threads here. Joking, but have any fathers here had difficulty with custody for children? I believe I've finalized my agreement this morning, signed the final papers after 5 years. Anyone else?
Potty training help
Birthday - one big party or two small ones?
My son (3.5) witnessed a police shooting in the parking lot of our building and I don't know how to answer his questions.
Bringing my 5 year old to his friend's Mom's funeral
My son came out to me as gay and I don't how I can support him
Need some advice towards my 10 year old cousin
A New Way to Censor Films for Youngsters
Watch this smart 12 month old baby that can read!
New Study on Acid Reflux meds - applicable to parents!
Advice on Sister/Nephew
"I wanna be like you when I'm a grown up"
NCParent phone call and visitation question???????
My kids did my taxes this year
Nanny napping on the job
How to deal with other parents?
Toddler leg/foot cramps?
I think my 3 year old son is autistic. Where do I go from here?
Parenting Breakthrough!
We are in desperate need of advice! 4 year old preschool issues.
Appropriate punishment.
Montessori Preschool
Current 15 month old hardly eating - I'd love reassurance that kids do change their eating habits...
I (don't) want more kids.
Husband wants two; I'm not so sure (and would prefer not) - Has anyone had a second in this situation?
Boob, bottle, and bedtime: How do we win the battle of wills?
Help! My neighbor and her kids keep making issues between the kids...
Parents whose children are below 10 years old. Do you fear your children becoming teenagers and "rebellious"?
Husband won't put baby to sleep at bedtime
Censoring Movies For Kids
Three Online Risks That Most Parents Don’t Know About:
Should I avoid having kids since I have aspergers?
It's SO hard when your kids are hurting. Even when you know it will pass.
Does anyone here have experience hiring a nanny or au pair?
Looking for tips on helping a sick toddler feel a little better.
Strange question: Constipation
Sister driving me crazy about organics
What non-religious traditions or rituals does your family have?
1st Grade Homework Help
Just a heads up: the new Sesame Street on HBO is really great.
5 week old baby Fussy sleeper at night. Any cause to worry?
Parenting tip: Use old tshirts instead of bibs. They don't come off as easy, completely cover the child, and were going to be thrown out anyway.
Opinions please. Have I failed my child?
7 year old son is constantly depressed, anxious
Weekly- Wallet Wednesday- January 06, 2016
What can I do to prevent my previous assault from impacting my parenting?
Parents of twins/multiples: Assuming you picked out the names ahead of time, how did you decide which name would be bestowed on which child?
Birthday Party Etiquette
Internet Etiquette for my 10 year old
My teenage son has started getting into deep trouble at school and on the streets, unsure of how to deal with it
Older teen is a nightmare and doesn't care about any discipline we throw at them. Help?
Zika outbreak prompts government recommendations to delay pregnancy until 2018
My baby's STRANGE nursing habits-&gt; Can you relate??
After The Holidays Project For You And Your Children
Why do my friends always make me feel uncomfortable when I'm around their children and what can I do about it?
Donate Now - Child Adoption Agency and Services
Is it ok if he doesn't nap?
Potential childhood apraxia
What are the best feel good movies you and your family have enjoyed?
Tantrums - what is beyond normal?
My child's vocab is scaring me! (warning: humblebrag)
7 weeks old - Am I starting a bad sleeping habit?
Concerned for 6 year old son with anger issue
Profanity around the kids. What are your thoughts?
How to teach a toddler to spit out toothpaste?
Question about labor from a soon-to-be first time mom
How to approach possible bullying?
What are some must haves on a Baby Registry?
Bi-Monthly Application, games and books review - January 01, 2016
Weekly- Wallet Wednesday- January 13, 2016
Social anxiety for 6.5 year old daughter HELP!
Things I want my kids to do that I dont
I really messed up and I need help!
What To Do With Son Over Spring/Summer Break?
Wife's friend censors tv for my son in front of me.
My 18-month-old seeing her baby brother's ultrasound
A daughter involved in drugs, a family shattered
Teen tracking?
Invention of new advanced baby bottle
Let's give Daniel Tiger some pants!
I Still Need My Parents, Even Though I Am A Parent
Youtube Channel for Kids ( Need help from parents)
If you could create an app for your children, what features would you have within the app?
For Parents with Lego Kids
Punk kid on the street
Stop your children to sit in this position
Make 2016 About the “Why” and Not “What” What We Can Learn From a Kids Chore Chart
Baby boy (7m) says mama but doesn't say dada. Am I doing something wrong?
Can someone please talk to me about my daughter? She told grandma she wanted to kill herself and made a attempt?? She's 5.
Toddler almost 3 is constantly crying about going back to daycare-not sure what to do.
TIL only 5 American states offer payroll sponsored disability insurance, and only 4 offer family leave insurance. What the heck do women/families in other states do during maternity leave? How did you prepare?
I had a chore/attitude/everything breakthrough with my 6-year-old . . .
Toddlers. Not even once.
This is not what I want my family to be...
If you could get rid of any "kid's show." What would it be??
My kid won't get her fingers out of her mouth.
My 1 year-old daughter refuses to sleep without being held. Any ideas?
Our 5th grade son has a project, Famous American's throughout history. The girls are allowed to pick both genders as their choice, but the boys can only pick males because the boys are "too silly". How should we approach this?
Anyone have experience with your baby can read DVDs?
Need Sanity Check - Potential Child Neglect Charges for 4yo "Playing Puppy"
Being the parent your child deserves
Getting the Silent treatment. Help me adult through it
Avoiding neurological conditions like ADHD, Autism and Learning Disorders in your children
Used car seats.
To work or not to work?
My 4 year old won't poop in the toilet
Not your average issue...
Tantrums in the car
I realized today that my child is a little sponge.
Getting my 3 year old to Eat
Girlfriend's Son's (10) struggles
Toddler is a wee nocturnal ninja - advice, please!
How do pseudo-stepmom thing? (Long-ish and convoluted relationship ties.)
Party games for 3-8yr olds
What to put on a chrome book for a 6 year old?
preventing picky eating
it's our first day of daycare
Daughter has discovered Music.ly. Rage building.
My kid's friend's parents don't have to be my friends, too, right?
How to get daughter away from her "first love"....
How to tell if my 11 yr old is depressed and what to do about it
My (28/M) nephew (16/M) is posting a lot of right-wing propaganda that his mother (37/F) has brainwashed him into believing on social media. Is it worth trying to steer him differently?
SERIOUS. Third-year Durham University student recruiting anonymous participants for dissertation related to foster care experiences
A girl came and left a baby in my apartment claiming it was mine. I had no idea and am completely unprepared, please help
Nine year ole son, wears his hair very long and reacts with extreme upset at the suggestion of tying it back or cutting it
I'm worried about my 4 year old's sleep pattern. Advice needed!
6-year old picked out hot pink shirt to wear to school event, grandma worried he's going to be picked on...
My daughter's sense of taste hasn't been normal since she was sick over two weeks ago.
Is there such a thing as Red/Yellow colorblindness?
3 Year Old Refuses To Swallow Solids
Dealing with early rising toddler.
30 minute napping 6-month old
Mothercare...Anyone else had a nightmare with them? (X/Post from r/daddit)
[UK]. My 13 year old son's response to most homework is "I can't do it!" and running away crying. How can I get him to learn to learn.
Recommendations for eating struggles?
My son is being bullied and assaulted daily, what can I do?
in car entertainment center, what to you use/reccomend?
My daughter is obsessed with a television show
My 2 year old has started to hit herself in the head with things when she doesn't get her way. First time parent here, is this normal?
[book request] I'm looking for a secular overview of the worlds religions suitable for an elementary school aged child. What do you recommend?
Re: "I'm about to beat my 12 yr old boy so he remembers it for the rest of his life.. I don't want to but it seems so unavoidable at this point"
Parents separated about 6 months ago, oldest kid (4f) is becoming 'fussy' what would be a good way to handle her?
I'd like to bring attention to this - it is legal for kids in Victoria, Australia to have sex at 12...
Help me [20M] see my situation from a parent's perspective
What's everyone's view on spanking/slapping one's kid?
I’m Infertile &amp; Pregnant for the Second Time. This Is How It’s Possible By Rabbi Idit Solomon
What are the best apps for kids to use with google cardboard?
Toddler won't stop fondling himself
Two year old swearing. Help!
Sleepovers and withdrawn/introverted/anxious child
Advice please! My four year old fights us about going to the bathroom.
16 month old hitting. Any advice?
6 year old son acts like a baby and has trouble listening. Now that my wife is losing hope, I feel like I can hold everyone up any longer.
Toddler losing weight rant.
New gf in baby daddy's life is horrible
Step-dad question: our house is not religious, mom's house is. Question inside.
6 month old and short naps
18 month sleep regression
"Crying it out" - is that what I'm doing? Is it bad? Advice please
Best schooling options for a nonverbal child ?
Dads: can you at all relate and what were your coping mechanism?
Toddler night wakings, related to breathing?
Putting my pride aside for my family. Please help.
My (21f) friends (21f/22m) of 7 years are having me babysit their son (18monthsm) and his sippy cup has mold. He has also come to me dirty. (xpost relationships)
Anyone else worried about the Zika virus?
I feel like quitting parenting
What does the baby industry need?
Has anyone used American Childcare, a company that babysits at your hotel?
What would you include in a contemporary finishing school?
My boyfriend(29m) doesn't like my(24f) son(4m)
Bringing teens girlfriend on trip?
My 4 year old is terrified of dying after his goldfish died.
Would you talk to another parent about using car seats correctly ?
How much sleep should kids get?
Toddler Parenting Styles
Advice needed on starting a local school for 4 months before shifting to the chosen school
Need advice and opinions on a problem I am having with our daughter's preschool.
Parenting Pro Tip: "which is the right foot?" edition
My toddler (18m) starts exploring his boundaries and just laughs at his 'punishments'.
Toddlers (2 and 3) learning to share a room
I made a sub just for you to share Reddit with your kids!
Is it okay to have a favorite kid?
Parents, what are your dinosaur-themed party tips?
A falling-out with the Grandparents (over religious idiosyncrasies)
Fridge lock help?
12 month old sticks fingers down throat and gags himself
What is your potty training success story?
My son's speech
When do you worry about your kids weight?
Child Support $
Dumb question about leaving your kid unattended
Middle school: The new high school for moms
Parenting advice/studies on why divorce hurts kids
My Mom thinks I'm having sex with a girl just because I'm hanging out at her house! Is she over protective? You decide! [Story in Comments]
DryBuddy – Bedwetting and Enuresis Alarms for Every User
How do you deal with it?
Can't decide on whether or not to circumcise.
15 month old still vomiting at bedtime
Did you combine finances with your spouse? Do you think that that has affected your parenting at all?
Night terrors at 11 month?
When I am playing with my son (8 months) I am always really loud, crazy, and hyped up. My tone of voice gets higher, and I randomly sing and stuff with him. To me it is great fun, but am I conditioning him to be a certain way when he grows up?
How safe are scooters for toddlers?
How to get past frustration and into being productive?
My 6 year old daughter has become my shadow
13 month old still waking to nurse at night
How often did your toddler get sick if they were in daycare?
If your older child was allowed to name the baby, what name would they have?
Ex 30 weeker vs 30 weeker.
Child (11) demands smartphone
My guys 18 year old Daughter acts like a child
When you are new in your neighborhood and have no family around, what is the best way to find a baby sitter?
New Personal Hell
Help dealing with guilt and anger at myself for pain that my baby went through
Is my 4 year old getting sick too often?
Advice on how to help transition my 4 &amp;7 year old to a new home.
Teaching a toddler with a speech delay a second language?
Tips for dealing with a mean cousin
Help with 3 year old daughter's hair twirling?
18-month old throwing stuff from his tray at mealtime.
Stickers and Vinyl
One year old just started to have pale stools and stopped eating solid foods.
My kids are very rude and disrespectful to my girlfriend and I don't know what to do
Can LATCH baby seat be installed in ISOFIX typed car?
What are some iPad apps for toddlers that do not require WiFI?
How did your children find their passion? What did you do (or wish you did) to help them find it?
Looking for parents with kids age 3-10 y.o. who still believe in Santa.
what shows that your kids watch do you like/hate the most?
started speech therapy, will the crying ever end?
Mother's guilt
Communication with bio mum
Custody question...
Tell me I've got it all wrong when it comes to mealtime messiness
Some advice for [9m] with bottle weening and transitioning to her crib
It's supposed to wake you up, not massage you!
bottle and nipple question
Early Childhood Development resources/MOOC?
Stair Gat at top of stairs 3 year old?
Help me improve my relationship with my son
Safety issues (throwaway)
Parents who have posted about your children having tantrums, in the past- What things did you try, in order to stop the tantrums? Did they work? How does your child act, now?
My daughter's father wants to become involved in her life. I'm not sure how much I can trust him
Eco Friendly Dishes?
50/50 Custody and bedroom issues
8 year old gossiping
Our children’s future in sports
Friend's boyfriend is overly affectionate with her 11yr. old daughter....Anything to be concerned about?
Do gypsy need help?
Long distance grandparents?
Need help with Baby mama
Jet lag, sleep issues
Need help finding something other than youtube for my boyfriend's daughter to enjoy good music
What is your six word story about parenting?
Found a defense against the constant "whys" from my 5 year old!
Carseat advise for my big 2 year old son. (3 in April)
Any other expecting parents worried about the Zika virus?
How to be more sensitive to kid emotions?
Talking about special needs children
Sat or Sun Birthday Party?
Almost 5 year old doing repetitive movements
Teething - skipping the order of teeth? Also, molars are the worst.
How much time do you allow your kids to spend playing video games/Watching TV?
Potty Training Tips
How do you set a budget for a kid's party?
Slightly off topic, but could any of you 'Experienced' parents out there think up a list of activities for 'Aperture Science Bring Your Daughter to work Day'?
Any tips on teeth flossing techniques for 8-10yos appreciated! We'll get advice from the dentist next time but for now, what worked for you?
Is there a better sub than this for pre-teen parenting? This sub is too full of little ones issues.
Should my first grader son be held back?
What do you do with offensive/controversial books, records and movies in your home?
20 months old baby hides when pooping?
Mom is having trouble with "step-children." Looking for advice to relay to her. [TEENAGERS]
A quick survey about child absences in elementary/primary schools
Could use some help with video game problem [parenting-related, but somewhat random]
Why is it bad if you swear around your kids?
Baby (11 months old) doesn't like my wife/her mom.
Is it possible to give a 2yo an even haircut
How to handle stage fright?
Who else has a child, age 2-3, where their first language is not primarily English?
13 month old never sleeps well - we are getting very cranky and miserable
My kindergarten son isn't doing well in school or at home. How can I help him be a better him?
Working night shift
Books on Positive Parenting
destined to be a loser?
Need help with a 5year old
Are some babies/toddlers just NOT climbers, and some are?
Concerned: Separated and dating
Teething gel on pacifiers
Keeping a kid entertained on a plane.
Need travel suggestions
buying a car seat??
Day 4, no diapers. Just turned 3 year old holds it all day until nighttime pullups. Any suggestions?
Spare the rod, spoil the child
Hey what does everyone think about baby tracking apps for new parents?
4 year old son struggling to physically poop (not constipated, though.) Very bizarre...
Help!!!! Bloody diaper
Want to start a family, but wife's place of employment doesn't offer any maternity leave—not even short-term disability. Help?
20months toddler sleeping advice
2YO Screams/Cries/Calls for Maman Every Night
tips for my wife for breast feeding? esp: re nipple cream
Toddler falls asleep but won't sleep through the night.
Seeking advice from parents who have been saving for their childs college
Shellfish: When is it ok to try?
Week on / Week off parenting plan
Chickenpox vaccine
Trying to get my 18 month old to sleep I'm her room again :/
How important is it to raise your kid/s in a "good neighborhood"?
Raised by a single mother but I can't help but have a complex
Would you follow.
Make 2016 About the “Why” and Not “What”
New challenge: I'm 4 years old, not getting my way, and having a meltdown!
2 year old isn't urinating at all during the day at school
Is it okay for a baby to watch cartoons?
Overcoming sniffles?
So, what would you do?
healthy but fattening recipes?
Weekly - Ask parents everything - January 12, 2016
Looking for good books on helping a child cope with new twins
Weekly - Ask parents everything - January 05, 2016
Split floor plan? (repost/x-post from AskParents)
Philosophy for kids
Boba Wrap Question (x-post r/babywearers)
Our 2.75 year old will not stay in bed in the evening and it's driving us insane.
Girl I watch full time tries to get my 2 yo son to touch her inappropriately
So resdit parents, what home remedy do you give your toddler for a cold?
Why Choose Professional Painter to Paint Your House?
I am That Mother of a Large Family
Indoor play ideas for hyperactive niece and young sister needed!
8 Celebrity Moms You Could Take Inspiration From.
Are you hiring the right babysitter for your kids?
I get so nervous holding my niece. Does it really come naturally once you have your own
Make 2016 About Why and Not What
Why is a father figure so important?
Quick Favor! Under a minute, I promise!
remote controlled alarm clock
Kids TV show that demonstrates losing or failing with dignity?
When does a kid need a bigger mattress than a 140cm long one?
So proud right now!
Question about a young boy
Baby is soaking through diapers at night
4.5 month old sleeping terribly in the evenings but ok overnight
I worry for my son now he drinks alcohol more frequently.
Tips for new SAHM with a 3 month old and almost 3 year old
