Anyone know if something like Skate 3 would ever come to pc with a new engine?
What is the competitive CS scene like these days?
Rise of tomb raider at "20k"
What happened to Gears of War Remastered?
Mad Max - One of the best games I've played in a while! Will there be a Mad Max 2?
Will there be VR options for the less wealthy people?
The British Library let us use these archive photos of colonial India in our open world RPG, Kim
Review Question
Sign here If you are interested in the possibility of Kingdom Hearts III and Final Fantasy XV coming to PC/STEAM someday
Short Avast survey: What do PC gamers look for when choosing an AV program
Rise of the Tomb Raider MINIMUM specs released
Does anybody know how I can get into contact with EA support without my EA account?
Why my PC performs better running DirectX than OpenGL?
[Jackfrags] The Division - PC Gameplay Impressions
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee! OK!
I wrote a noob blogger and I wrote my first game review Sunless Sea: The unique storytelling exploration game
The Division developers discussing their preference for PC gaming, among other things.
Subnautica First Look
CES 2016: MSI Announces X99A Godlike Carbon, Z170A Gaming Pro Carbon Gaming Motherboards
THE DIVISION - New Gameplay and Impressions by JackFrags
Teleporting Kittens
[CES2016] Dell brings the UP3017Q (4K/OLED/120HZ/30”/5K dollars)
The developers of Fantastic Contraption use a green screen setup to simulate how VR actually feels like to the player
REVISITED! - Counter Strike Global Offensive
Star Wars: The Force Awakens Rolling To Pinball FX2
Who says Fallout 4 isn't impressive looking??
Guild Wars 2 State of the Game Update
[pcgaming] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
What legitimate and reputable sites do you prefer to use?
What has Valve originally developed?
Best 13 inch laptop with a qhd display for under $1000
Is there a PC game out there similar to Monster Hunter?
Will be building a gaming PC very soon, what games should I be sure to try out?
Asus G752 reviews
How much Hard drive should i upgrade to
What other games are like Natural Selection or Dirty Bomb?
Shittalk.cfg - As Seen on Kotaku - Insult Generator for Source Games
Can you set your max fps?
The Division - A lot of Uncompressed Screenshots w/ Ultra Settings
OBS VS AMD GRV
I'm new here, how hot is too hot?
Can DS4Windows reverse control stick axes?
Bought my first gaming pc and will be buying my first pc game tomorrow.
What game is shown here? Looks like a top down game
[giveaway} Rainbow Six Siege or AC Syndicate
Where to turn?
Can't login on Steam?
Lenovo's new Ideapad Y900 gaming laptop - a Monster!
Which gaming montage/fragmovie gave you goosebumps?
Online Petition Wants Danny DeVito to Voice Detective Pikachu | News &amp; Opinion
The Division PC in game Screenshots (X-post /r/thedivision)
What does steam mean when it says 'rices shown will be available until February 4th, 2016 at 5pm GMT.' on the tomb raider page?
Gemini: Heroes Reborn (based on the Heroes Universe) is out now on Steam for $14.99
Thunderbolt 3 USB Type-C eGPU certified devices
Samsung begins mass production of 4GB HBM2 stacks
PC players who play MKX might be mad at this...
Windows 10 REQUIRED for next generation of processors.
John Romero releases first Doom level in 21 years
RATED BG FREAK OUT CHICK GOES CRAZY IN RBG
best pc games 2016 - PC GAMER
Minecraft Education Edition Announced
Oculus Rift, Price &amp; The Future of VR - Idiotech
NF Tools by Nabil Fathi
CES 2016: HTC Vive virtual reality headset gets upgraded
Runescape celebrates 15-year anniversary
Rumor: NVIDIA To Release GeForce GTX 980MX and GeForce GTX 970MX Mobile GPUs
Football Manager 2016 Download Pc Game New Crack PRE FINAL
PSA: Clean your Graphics card every once in a while. Got a 30°+ temperature decrease by removing three years worth of dust from the heat sink
Xbox One's Quantum Break Listed for PC Release
How to get The Division Beta for free through Amazon
REVIEW: Punch Club | Controller Crusade
Will an external GPU allow me to run Elder Scrolls Online?
Pumped the be ascending today!
Is this a good first gaming PC to start with?
Is Subnautica worth getting at this stage? What about CodeSpells?
I sell a "Assassin's creed Syndicate" voucher code
Tom Clancys The Divison Beta Key?
Hi guys i'm not a computer specialist and i need your help!
GreenManGaming Mystery Giveaway
Help with monitor
What's the current defacto generic server browsing software? (Remember AllSeeingEye?)
The Division in game PC screenshots
Final Fantasy 14: A Realm Reborn. So what's up with this game and the subreddit?
Why are you people so obsessed with graphics?
Batman arkham knight
Razer store down?
Pathos: Nethack Codex
University Thesis Survey - I need your help!
Changing controller keybinds
Dying Light Mods in COOP
Razer Synapse is the worst
PSA: 50% off of Razer peripherals for 24 hours.
Turning off Xbox One controller when Steam is running
Can we all agree now that DRM doesn't work?
Just 100%ed Batman: Arkham Knight
Sager NP9870-G Clevo P870DM-G Review with Desktop CPU i7-6700K and Desktop GTX 980
ASUS MX279H 27" IPS Monitor - $199 (Newegg's eBay)
A Quest for Knighthood: Dungeon Souls
AMD Fury X2 Dual Fiji GPU Confirmed To Be Powering Demo at VRLA
ARK | First Look : Gallimimus | The Road Runner!
Ubisoft Are Failing Rainbow Six: Siege
clean registry
[UPDATED] AMD Confirms, Polaris Will Feature HBM2 And GDDR5 Memory Technologies
Nvidia - Rise of the Tomb Raider Graphics &amp; Performance Guide
TopWare's Curse of Raven's Cry removed from Steam - Fake reviews from the publisher likely cause
The Best Steam Skins
The Division Beta starts on Jan 29th.
Tired of just selling games, GameStop is now publishing them directly
Undertale - Review - Idiotech
Call Of Duty Black Ops 3 - Rage Against The Duty Part 2
Thought you guys would enjoy this. Vintage (1993) shareware catalog with exciting new games like Wolfenstein 3D and Commander Keen
The Division PC screenshots Leak
Took me 5 minutes to convince my Dad that this wasn't a Photograph
Mortal Kombat XL, Kombat Pack 2 are not coming to PC
Prominent cracking group claims game piracy could be dead within two years
Oculus rift buyers acting like console peasants.
Which PC should I get?
Finally got myself a good gaming PC, what have I missed out on all these years?
I Once bought a Xbox one for $600
New gen of graphics cards
[Question] How will this run GTA V?
Alien: Isolation Crew Expendable DLC Giveaway
Best Keyboard for gaming?
Good headphones for around £90
'The Division' Beta Codes from Nvidia
New gaming PC - What's the best x512 realistic texture packs/shader mods that I can get?
Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak - Review
MoH 2010, Years later it's still extremely fun to play.
ELI5: How do motherboard manufacturers like ASRock allow Xeon and Non-K overclocking on certain motherboards, and why doesn't Intel do anything about it?
"What you actually do in The Division" Eurogamer
Ashes of the Singularity - SweetFX mod - gameplay PC [cinematic graphics mod] Windows 10
NEW! How to Move/Copy Steam Games from one PC to an Another 2016
The Best Happy Face | Dark Souls
Norwegian high school puts e-sports and gaming on the timetable
Beta is almost at the end.. How much of this 2 years old trailer did you see?
THE DIVISION PC Beta Announce! (...And It Looks Bugged Already!)
Homefront: The Revolution "Freedom Fighters" Trailer
What graphics cards are these? Looks like 4 way SLI and they are all looped together with the CPU.
Top 10 Western RPGs
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [pcgaming]
Intel Skylake Processor - A noteworthy bug has been found in Skylake chips, which makes them solidify under substantial workloads.
4 Tips To Boost FPS And PERFORMANCE For PC (GAMING 2016)
CITIZENS OF EARTH PLAYTHROUGH PART 6 HD PS4 GAMEPLAY
Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen Download Pc Game Cracked Repack
[X-Post from r/steamsalesdetectives] Apparently, a holiday sale background wallpaper contains the lambda symbol and a crowbar
Bombshell - "Old Friends" Teaser
What if we play DCS as an Arcade game? Part 2. (Flying jets)
The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt Patch 1.2 Download Pc Include 18 DLCs and Hearts of Stone v2
QNIX QX2710 27" 1440p Monitor on sale for $199 from green-sum via eBay!
Lets Suck - Star Wars Battlefront - Heroes vs Villains Mode
(sorta x-post PCMR) OCGR - An unbiased game review site run by the community.
What would you say is your favorite multiplayer FPS right now?
New gaming marketplace
Those of you that use VPN's which ones do you recommend? I don't mind paying around $10/month for it.
G-Sync 60Hz vs V-sync 120Hz
Help to choose video card.
Need help deciding between two keyboards
Are PC gaming today all about crunching numbers?
PC version of The Division will be plagued with cheaters. (X-Post r/thedivision)
Psychonauts 2 Last Chance to back or cancel (also read for some more... interesting info)
Connecting wireless controller
We always get very detailed regional console sales totals. I'm curious, how many PC gamers are there in the US?
Do separated (in 2 parts) game controllers exist?
Typing test/ramble about the new Steam controller!
When it will be another Steam sale? I'm new at this.
You can mod the Steam Controller to have 2 smooth touchpads, replacing the d-pad indent.
DARK SOULS Prepare To Die Edition Download Pc Game
[GuyLogic] Defunct review | Indie Adventure/Racing game out today.
Razer Core external laptop GPU announced
Origin Access feat. Bill Nye – Multiverse Theory
The Ship Free Weekend on Steam
New Song of Seven blog post. Happy New Year /r/pcgaming!
What would you rather see, Half Life 3 or Left For Dead 3?
X-post /r/Steam [PSA] Source Engine DLL Exploit Found
DOOM 4 GAMEPLAY 18 Minutes Singleplayer, Multiplayer &amp; Co-op
Valve &amp; HTC working with Dassault Systèmes for body tracking
A Call for Responsible Steam Reviews in 2016
Turned Up to 11: Rogue Legacy‘s Remix Bosses and the Virtues of Nonlinear Difficulty Scaling
It's Okay to Be Scared
Hellblade Will Release This Year On PS4 And PC Simultaneously
Medieval II total war:1vs1 England vs Milan. Dramatic battle, with Heroes, cowards, noble deaths and so on
Xbox 360 controller stuttering
Tom Clancy's The Divition mouse not working
Gaming Laptops Similar/Better Than Zenbook 940M?
What is a good affordable chair for sitting at your PC comfortably?
Call Of Duty the way it was meant to be played on PC
Need a new headset, any reccommendations?
Which mousepad to use with Naos 7000 or G502?
Corsair Vengeance K65 or CM Quickfire TK ?
Any Decent Cheap Extended Gaming Mouse Mats?
Xbox one Elite Controller
Embellishing the details
Is g2a,indiegala and HumbleBundle Legit?
Why are TV's bad for gaming?
My 30 minute impressions of the Steam Controller
How to Become a PC Gamer
Team Fortress 2 Competitive Beta Sign-Up and Information(xpost r/tf2)
We Are The Dwarves coming in Feb 2016 on PC.
I've got Ants in my PC! Who do I call?
How To Rank Higher On Search Results
Check Out My Awesome Videos :)
I just upgraded my gtx 960 to a 970, do I have to remove my old drivers first before physically installing the new graphics card?
"Fuck your family i hope they fucking die of cancer"
Nvidia 900 series benchmarks - Rise of the Tomb Raider
Square Enix is doing an anti-bullying charity challenge based on Life is Strange
Rivals of Aether - Gametionary
Mortal Kombat X - Kombat Pack 2 Gameplay Trailer
"The Razer Core can boost any Thunderbolt 3-equipped laptop with an external GPU"..... is that true?
This is where we died | Murdered: Soul Suspect
Dragons Dogma Dark Arisen PC Review "Buy, Wait for Sale, Rent, Never Touch?"
The Black Death - No one else seems to be talking about it....
How to determine a game's resolution - Pixel-Counting
Rise Of The Tomb Raider PC System Specs Revealed; Requires GTX 650/HD 7770 Minimum
Competitive Matchmaking Coming to Battlefield Hardline in a Free update
Besides Humble Bundle.. what other discount game buying sites also provide Steam keys??
Something something 16gb RAM is more than enough
Debunking BS about gaming audio - a PSA and a plea
Nvidia GameWorks - Game Over for You
Rise of the Tomb Raider PC First 30 Minutes
Vandetta Curse of Raven's Cry Has Been Removed From Steam
Pros and cons review of Homeworld Deserts of Kharak
My mom has limited my gaming time to 2 hours a day.
XCOM 2 Community Squad Recruitment
Why does there seem to be a lot of hate towards Denuvo?
Any good WW2 multiplayer games?
Hardwereversand.de
PC is over heating!!!
Buying games with VPN. Please Help.
Intel HD 530 (Skylake)
looking for an mmo to play..
Mechanical keyboard manufacturers with stellar support
When recording game footage, what video bitrate hits the balance between file size and image quality?
Rise Of The Tomb Raider - Cutscene Issues?
How do I activate a key as a gift on Steam?
Steam refunds - "demos"
Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen (PC) - Review Thread
Need help finding an old PC Game
Gears of war UE for PC...
Just reminding you that if you like the game, support the dev and buy it.
Rise of the Tomb Raider - GTX 970 Performance Overview
New Heroes of the Storm Revealed!
EA Want To Regain “Trust Of The PC Gamer”
The Witness - Quick Look
Bioware’s New IP Possibly Involves “Believable Characters”, Humanoids, Creatures &amp; Mechanical Forms
My Small Overview of the pc review of Brutal Legend
Why I quit my dream job at Ubisoft (not me, article title)
Hey boys I'm Viky and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
10 Best Game Soundtracks of 2015
Square Enix Celebrates David Bowie’s Life With Free Omikron: The Nomad Soul
RallyPoint ► Squadcast Ep:02
Assassin's Creed 1 Game Free Download
AMD Reportedly Plans to Cut Prices of Radeon R9 Fury Graphics Cards
RUST | The Wizard Of RUST
20 Steam keys Giveaway for "Enclave"
The funny year we had ! Moving on to 2016 :)
The Witcher 3: Enhanced Edition Reportedly Coming Next Month
Lovely Planet 2 Announcement Teased By Publisher
izmir bilgisayar tamiri
steamclean v0.6.0 released : Steam
"I am a professional game critic" - TotalBiscuit (x-post from r/gaming)
Snowed in with the GF, borderlands and cereal every day, pretty much the perfect weekend IMO
Valve, Get Better Customer Support
Shaco predictions
Metal Gear Online beta now live.
5 Great and Underrated Games You Should Pick Up During the January Release Drought
Wireless PCI adapter worth it?
Having low FPS issues in CS:GO with a brand new build...HELP PLEASE
Question about joining the Master Race
Is it worth the upgrade from GTX 960 to GTX 970?
Gaming Keypad Options?
Creator of Borderless-Gaming here, I've made a new tool to help recover hard drive space from Steam.
Should I get R9 390 if I have 500w
Couch Gamers: Let's see your setups!
What Gaming PC to buy?
Wireless Keyboard for gaming?
Graphics budget meter?
New OpenRA release available!
Where can I find a beta key for the division?
Skyrim Realistic Character Overhaul Mod[WIP] Help Needed!!
Need help finding an old pc game
I discovered this website a few months ago, and i never purchased anything from Origin/Steam/etc again
ELI5: Why SNES/NES/SEGA/PS2 games aren't ported and sold via PC
Steam Controller on Amazon, is it the December Update version or the old one?
Are PC game settings screwed up?
Direct X 12 and why AMD FX series are still good budget options
Rise Of The Tomb Raider SLI Profile fix.
Gaming Sites Demonstrate Lack of Knowledge for PC Gaming Graphics
JEDEC publishes GDDR5X graphics memory standard - expected to arrive 1/2 half of this year
How often (and in what situations) do you guys use a controller?
Heroes of the Storm to get Diablo 2 Necromancer and Diablo 3 Wizard as playable heroes
EVGA Expands Its SuperNOVA T2 Power Supply Series Into New Capacities - 750w, 850w and 1000w Now Available
Dear Call Of Duty... please fix the mechanics.
Rise of the Tomb Raider - GPU Benchmarks - AMD &amp; Nvidia cards tested &amp; image quality comparisons
Burn all loot ninjas in Warcraft with this video from an 8 year old
VRAM Put to the Test: 2GB vs. 4GB GTX 960 and R9 380, 4GB R9 290 vs. 8GB R9 390 &gt; Is More VRAM Just Used for Marketing?
Crossfire stuttering Shadow of Mordor
Why is target assist bleeding into multiplayer PC gaming?
Far Cry: Primal team decided in “early stages” there would be no multiplayer
HearthStone Arena Runs
Rise of the Tomb Raider Bundled With NVIDIA Cards
Awesome Games Done Quick 2016 is LIVE on twitch
Found a little known video game reviewer that I really enjoy, this one is Shadow of Mordor.
Nvidia GameWorks isbad for all gamers, not just AMD buyers
AMD Slams SYSmark Benchmark - Calls it Biased and Unreliable
Fallout 4 Retested HBAO+ Performance Impact
Giving Away Tomb Raider 2013
That new PC feeling...
SEVEN – Story Writers Revealed, New Artwork Released.
Square Enix shuts down Shinra cloud-game service
6 Games giveaway
Any good open world western games out there?
Started a countdown until my upgraded card comes in the mail.
Anyone have no cd crack for halflife 1.0.0.5? (i own the game)
What should be my first game to test out my newly built PC?
Any good gaming mice for large hands?
Where to try VR
Am I Playing MMOs Wrong?
Tom Clancy's The Division - Beta Date?
ESPN Launches eSports
Hyperthreading(AKA Simultaneous Multithreading) Patents were 1st issued in 1971-1976 to IBM, they are void now. Is there a legitimate reason AMD isn't using this? . . .
HUD clutter in modern games
The Division will have no micro-transactions; On paid DLC - "We don’t have it yet because we’re just barely finishing the game"
GMG Flash Sale - 35% off Star Wars Battlefront and CoD Black Ops 3 / 28% off Just Cause 3
Insurgency Day Of Infamy - Official WWII Mod!
Upcoming RTS Games 2016
Fallout 4 Beta Patch 1.3 GPU Testing
Rise of the Tomb Raider Trainer +2 Download Pc
Giveaway:P2000 | Imperial (Factory New) CS:GO Skin End: 02/01/2016
Rocket League My Best Game So Far Vol 2
Pinnacle Game Profiler's software registration process is absolutely bonkers
I loved red dead redemption on Xbox 360. Probably my favorite game of all time, and I see a lot of other people say the same thing. So here's my question. Why have game developers forgotten about the western genre?
Tom Clancy’s The Division Will Not Include Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx and Staten Island &amp; Final Map Size Revealed
Discussion: Why CS GO is the best competitive game to spectate
Be careful buying PC’s online! - An article I wrote about the dangers of buying without research.
CES 2016: List of the Monitors That Were Revealed
This is why we enjoy League of Legends...
CO OP SORT OF?! GUNS, GORE, &amp; CANNOLI
Kingdom Come: Deliverance Interview - The Bohemian Kingdom, Realistic Medieval Combat &amp; More
Vermintide | Proffesional Barrel Thrower
CROSSOVER 27QHD, 6ms, 2560 x 1440 Monitor!!
X-Post from /r/Sweden. Half Life 3 for sale on swedish shop. Might be misstake?
Why is this only a hexa-core 3.4 GHz processor, but worth over $18,000?
Havent played PC Games in over 3 years. What are some games Ive missed out on over the years?
What are some of the most vibrant, beautiful games out there?
I want to start a MMORPG.
Anyone has an extra the division beta pc code?
What games on Steam have the best "bang for their buck?"
Help with diagnosing/fixing pc
Looking for a quick overview on this computer before I buy it.
Anyone using a UHD samsung TV as a monitor? If so, can you please help a newb.
Good Corner/L shaped desks?
(Steam) GTA V Problems/Social club
What you guys want to know about budget gaming desktops?
Tomb Raider pre Nvidia Driver comparison
PC Gaming survey for my school
Can I equip two music kits in CS:GO so it alternates?
I just had to do a clean install of Windows 10. What tricks are there for the best, fastest, and most stable experience?
Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak Video Review
Corsair Gaming CH-9000062 Keyboard on deal!!
Unreal Engine 4 Ocarina of time - Kakariko Village
The Revolution: the 25th Anniversary Collection coming exclusively to PC on 11th March, 2016
I'm giving away 10 steam games in this thread!
Low End Video Cards Rant - Are they still terrible?
MSI Vortex - a powerful compact gaming tower
Engaging the Voyage to Vulkan
AMD announces Polaris architecture - GCN 4.0
Some Retro Gaming Goodness
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - First Assault Online: Giant Bomb Quick Look
25% off the Most Anticipated PC Games of 2016 on GMG
my cat is insane/MW3 gameplay
[Benchmark] Rise of the Tomb Raider on Budget i3 PC
HTC Vive vs Oculus Rift at CES 2016 (Video review)
Rainbow Six Siege - 1v3 Hostage Defense
[Next Car Game] "Wreckfest" Lets Try (Figure 8 Track) 1080p60FPS
Black Ops 3 In Depth: Drone Carrier Health
CES 2016: AMD Talks Bringing HDMI Support to FreeSync (Acer, Samsung, LG etc - 9 displays coming soon, will work with existing AMD cards / standard hdmi cables)
It's Okay to Be Scared
Having to run most games on "high priority" otherwise framedrops. What kind of issue is this?
DS4 to Xinput Not working after disconnection
Some free Steam codes (nothing exciting, but if you want them they're yours)
I have a 480 dollar PC that i want you gus to see and possibly fix
I had to unsub from PCMR again.
PC Gaming NOOB HERE NEED HELP!
Razer Blade Stealth
Ps4 controller on PC headphone jack
How can you tell if a graphical bug is a problem with a game/the driver and not an issue with the GPU?
Start a new build or update my GFX card?
A discussion on custom pc builders...
Poor GPU performance
Oculus = Star wars: Battlefront Beta ?
Well, today my Razer Naga 2014 almost caught fire. [X-post /r/razer]
A problematic pattern.
I need help finding a game from my childhood
PSA: BF4 + Premium are 50% off!
Is there a way to set your sensitivity to be the same across different games?
Anyone doing a game-chat setup with multiple local gamers?
Quick question regarding Steam, and buying a game as a gift.
Rise of the Tomb Raider Ultra Max 4K Screenshots
Win a Razer Blade Stealth + SO MUCH MORE (thaNks 2 u)
Pre-Alpha Formation in the hills
War Rage- Gameplay Trailer &amp; Trailer Analysis
Scrap Mechanic, a multiplayer creative building/sandbox game, has released in Early Access
Skylake users given 18 months to upgrade to Windows 10
Why Paladins sucks
How Spawns Can Make All the Difference in Multiplayer
Ashes of the Singularity, First Native DX12 Game, Enters Early Access With Beta 1 On Steam
Greedy Studio Executives Sacrifice Quality For Profits
[Video][The Witcher 3 ] 1080p 60FPS GTX970
RoseWill BlackBone Unboxing: GrimLlama
SEGA to bring games like Vanquish, Yakuza and Resonance of Fate to the PC
Game Trailer Cinematic Collections (HD)
Rise of the Tomb Raider To Be Bundled With NVIDIA’s GeForce 970 &amp; 980 GPUs
Brawlhalla, the F2P PC Brawler, Is Having A World Championship Tournament Later This Year
You can mod the Steam Controller to have 2 smooth touchpads, replacing the d-pad indent.
Watch The First Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak Gameplay
Newegg Best Selling Video Cards of 2015
Citra Majoras Mask realtime gameplay
I have a 20% gmg dragon's dogma voucher, anybody who wants it can have it, just comment
First Impressions - DRAGON'S DOGMA: DARK ARISEN for PC
HTC Vive Pre-order Date Released: February 29th
[RUMOR]Valve’s Left 4 Dead 3 may get a release date in 2017- new character details revealed too
will STEAM ever get off their fucking ass and intergrate tabbed browsing to the client?
XCOM2 or Homeworld:DoK?
Will I be happy with this new monitor? Help/advice/reviews
Flawless Widescreen Won't run
Help Stanford to beat Cancer!
[TFB] TaskForceBravo Teamspeak community! Recruiting!
The Division beta key giveaway
Is Star Citizen worth the purchase right now?
Help building a gaming pc
How to play games on laptop and preserve the battery?
Need help choosing a new gaming LAPTOP
4K tv doesnt go higher than 1080p when using Windows 8.1
I just wanted to hear your opinions about this "Hack and Slash" genre and some suggestions maybe
New to PC Gaming
Looking for controller compatible games, like Stanley Parable or Going Home. I'm old and new to gaming-sorry...
GameRanx Saying PC Gaming is on the rise
[Question] If a steam games does not state full controller support does that mean I cannot use a controller?
Recommended software for monitoring stats?
Is it possible to create a new account on steam for each game i bought in order to share them with my friend since family sharing restricts all of my games to one person only?
PC gaming genre survey for my math IA
Gamers using Crossfire, what games don't work for you?
Red Dead Redemption
Straw Poll Time - If Valve/HTC set the Vive at $600-650 will you pre order it?
Is there any way to wirelessly use Dualshock 3 controllers WITHOUT dedicating a bluethooth dongle to controllers only yet?
The Witcher 3 got GOTY award from Game Informer and IGN
Pudding Monsters in Minecraft
Can we be more like Bill?
ARK Survival Evolved Update 255 Adds Gallimimus And SWAT Armor
Nvidia GameWorks is bad for all gamers, not just AMD buyers
Hero's Song Kickstarter canceled due to lack of interest
Which game looks better (unmodded) Mafia 2 or GTA 4?
Far Cry Primal Trailer - Takkar
Metal Gear Solid V Ground Zeroes R9 380
4K Monitors: Can you actually see the difference?
Dragons Dogma Dark Arisen- PC Impressions
Help me build my first pc
Play PS4 Games on PC, WINDOWS ONLY!!!
Bought an Ubisoft game on steam, but DLC on Uplay. Did I just waste my cash?
INTREPID is a new UE4 World War 2 Stealth Espionage Adventure Game!
The newest MSI GT80 Titan laptop, boasting 2 full power GTX980s (NOT 980m), 32 GB RAM, a 2.9 Ghz Skylake CPU, and a Mechanical Keyboard... All for the low price of 4600 dollars... The only laptop with 2 full GTX980s right now, if I'm not mistaken.
Far Cry Primal PC specs revealed
This is possibly the worst game intro i've ever seen.
[Giveaway] The Division beta PC code
3 monitor setup . Questions .
New Pixel Piracy update incoming!
Trying to install The Evil Within, laptop says no disk insterted... HELPPPP
Are any of you couch gamers? What's your setup? Do you actually use your couch or bring in a desk chair or some other special seat? How about your keyboard and mouse? Or do you use a gamepad or trackpad or etc? Any tips?
1440p 144hz vs 1080p g sync
Any good prebuilts?
Which GPU is compatible with my mobo?
Looking at upgrading to 1440p
My name was Owlschwitz, Grey Box didn't approve...
Rise of the Tomb Raider via Windows Store (Xbox) does not support SLI Profiles
Possibly stupid question time: Why does my GPU seem to get hotter when I alt-tab out of a game?
Does Windows 10 work with older rts's? (Total war games, age of empires 2 and 3, etc.)
Why is Witcher 3 so stable even when modded?
$11.24USD Sale (again) of 7 Days To Die @ HumbleBundle
Morning Sun, an expansion to the great wargame Order of Battle: Pacific is going to be released January 28th.
For users who play games on the Steam client, I made a site to help you find gaming friends
GTX 980ti and VSync: Solved a problem I don't fully understand
Mafia 2 isn't for sale on Steam anymore, but I just got in from G2A (and it's working) - for anyone who was looking to get it before 3 comes out.
Display Port to Display Port VS Display Port to HDMI
Fast Forward any (Steam) Game?
How to be better with KBM?
Are any games on par with GTAV or The Witcher 3 coming out in 2016?
Conan Exiles - Announcement Trailer
The eSports Trend Towards Easier Games and Why It’ll Revert
Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen - Port Report
Intel is rebuilding itself on three pillars—and the PC isn't one of them
YouTuber TotalBiscuit Quits Social Media w/ an Emotional Goodbye
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Patch 1.12 now live
Killer Instinct Season 3 Is Coming This March On The PC, Will Be Exclusive To Windows 10
Razer goliathus at 3.69 $ on Aliexpress. Is it a scam or just a big deal?
CM Mastercase 5 Review
Rocket League My Best Game So Far Vol 1
How VR Is Resurrecting 3D Audio
Super Mario Game
[Digital Foundry] Rise of the Tomb Raider - GTX 970 vs R9 390 Performance Comparison
Purehair vs Hairworks (Tests by NVIDIA)
Anyone have any idea what time Rise of the Tomb Raider unlocks?
For those that pre-loaded Rise of the Tomb Raider, it already unlocked.
Steam sales aren't nearly as good as people make them out to be(?)
Steam preload for Tomb Raider is now available.
What games are surprisingly good with a steam controller?
Should I sell my original computer and upgrade?
Best buys on the Steam Sale?
I have a quick question about moving my steam games to my SSD
Omikron crashed on start up.
Can you guys recommend a good wireless gaming headset?
Should I play games on ultra-wide or 16:9?
Weekly /r/PCGaming What Should I Play? Thread. (Jan 15)
