Why does Filipina still say "they need a white husband/boyfriend who can give them the equal social and economic life that they never find that in the Philippine"? Philippines is more gender equal than US, Canada, Germany, Australia, France, UK, Switzerland, Netherlands, Etc Etc.
I found some guy selling compiled child porn in DVD outside ANONAS LRT Station.
Question about visa extension cost
What is the best med university in Metro Manila?
Anyone here who has experienced dialling 117? How was the experience? Does it incur charges?
Are there NPA rebels in Dona Remedios Trinidad, Bulacan?
Food trucks in manila.
Any good thermal paste in the PH?
Are there any good writing gigs out here in our country?
Best bank for students?
Pinoy Writing Group?
What are your favorite Pinoy action movies?
Globe and Free Phones
Plan 999 3mbps SkyCable in Quezon City Yay or Nay?
Daily random discussion - Jan 12, 2016
Best Site Online! Find Your Love to night! my ist
Islamic State Eyes Asia Base in 2016 in Philippines, Indonesia: Expert
Have you ever noticed there is no Mercury Drug in SM Malls? Scroll Down to #7
How do I check the netflix titles available in the Philippines without signing up for it?
Interesting New Zealand bird.
Philippine National Rugby League’s New Development Manager
Appropriate tipping etiquette in the Philippines?
The Threat of Foreign Drug Syndicates in Manila (Extra Scene from 'The Shabu Trap')
NO. 1 Piano, Voice, Guitar, Drum Lessons (Marikina, San Mateo)
Visa advice for college student on a break hoping to spend my vacation in the US
Any cool subreddits I can subscribe into?
PARA WALANG COMPLAINT SA MGA POSTS AND PAGSESEARCH, LETS SHITPOST!
DSL slower at evening
Meaning of 'Paloma'?
How do I get a Muji watch not sold in the Philippines there?
Ordering from aliexpress
Disconnected your landline? Share us your story...
Rizal area, are you currently experiencing issues with PLDT on both landline and DSL?
PUV drivers who stink to be fined by LTO and LTFRB
PH NetFlix subscribers. Please share your experience.
Why does the Philippines use different/mixed measurement systems?
Looking for a good podcast
Where can I obtain a copy of Catálogo alfabético de apellidos?
Question regarding Resume
Are there Child Abuse support groups in the Philippines
Daily random discussion - Jan 13, 2016
iPoll Sweepstakes Winners — Ten winners every week earn $25!
There seems to be a mishandling of funds in the MMFF
Want to try and experience Virtual Reality? VR Philippines will have another event where you could try out locally developed VR games on the HTC Vive!
Suzuki Multicab - Hunting for part for Suzuki Multicam
PH presidential candidates outspend billionaire Trump. Corruption Red Alert!
Twitter is considering bringing tweets up to a 10,000 character maximum, according to the sources.
Your thoughts about prisons in Scandinavia
Shout out to all PGH Doctors, Nurses and staffs who helped my brother to make his operation successful.
Mystic land and other historic places in Turkey through the eyes of a Filipina millenial
Find opening hours, contact details and addresses in Fort Bonifacio, Manila
Di na kailangan bumili ng Celebrex. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na. // http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/320x240q90/907/ZJhxRf.jpg//
Gusto ko maging isang DJ, paano ako magsisimula dito sa Pinas?
Is anyone from Informatics CDO here? Just wanted to ask something.
What was your salary at your first job?
Bi-curios lad here. Near Mendiola
Humanity is dying.
Post Office related questions
What's your favorite Filipino pop song?
Hello r/Philippines! A few questions about a medical elective
Nightly random discussion - Jan 15, 2016
Nightly random discussion - Jan 11, 2016
LF: Motorcycle Riders for Philippine Loop 2016
Pinoys from /r/MMA, after Balls shutdown, where will you watch UFC?
Nightly random discussion - Jan 06, 2016
How to deal with a friend who has a strong hatred for the Philippines?
A tourist orientated question for all the Davaoeños (or those well acquainted with Davao)...
Lawyers and law students of /r/ph
To those who haven't watched Star Wars because of MMFF
Skin care products in Watsons?
Is there a regular flight to la union?
Me irl, r/ph version
Child malnutrition rates higher than Cambodia and Kenya and other poorer countries.
Lamanok Island Anda Bohol | Philippine Travel Guides
Philippine Basketball Association
Is there anybody here who underwent Loyola Student Center Abada NMAT Review in Katipunan? Was it good?
Portuguese artist falls prey to Manila con artists - “I just saw a truth about Manila”
Good to see LTFRB taking some action over Airport scammers. But what about the taxis charging 800php fix prices for 200php rides in broad daylight
The Story of Why Pinoys Have Spanish Sounding Surnames
A bird tied and starved to death at UP Diliman campus. (x-post from /r/WTF)
RANT: I was born in a wrong country.
What do you love about living in the Philippines? (Serious)
Can you opt out of Civil Marriage and just go w/ Church Marriage to avoid being legally married?
UgAT exam pointers? What to review?
Best places to meet new people in Davao city?
February na... Gusto ko ng kaibang ka date. Yung redditor din sana na taga CDO (female). Meron kaya?
We had my mom's phone opened line and it can send messages and make calls but when connecting to the internet via surf plans it won't connect? Anyone who had this problems?
Any tips on how to gain weight?
How do you handle depression?
Girls are so difficult to read! any hints?
Introvoys - Where We Left Off: CD Includes immediate download of the album
Just tried Eskwela OS - A Pinoy made Linux Based OS
Withdrawing from Paypal via EON
where to find ushanka hat in the philippines
Phone Scams (Call edition)
X-files dvd bundle
Help - Challenge Trying to go from South Luzon to Siquijor without plane.
The Hunt for Silica Gel
Getting married soon - Anyone have tips to negotiate/drive down costs?
Trip help! Manila peeps going to Baguio for the first time
Applied and got my 4th US Visa last week. Here's a comprehensive guide to walk you through the process.
Best way to change php to cad in Angeles City?
Some Cebuano words are from Spanish?
SM Home Installment plan?
Aurelio cars: 11 years in the making, still suffers from lack of funding and support from the government
Former PDEA Chief nabbed in shabu lab
Philippines to Host Olympic Qualifying Tournaments
Beautiful Voices of Three Students from Kidapawan City | Trending Philippines
Bishops, bets seek end to dirty politics
Having issues with my Lazada order and wondering if anyone can help me out.
What Is Best Med University in Metro Manila?
Where can I buy Japanese loose leaf green teas in metro Manila?
Using this website, you can check what your congressman/congresswoman has been doing
Share your taxi stories here
Question to people who know laws XD
people with pixie cuts, where do you get your haircuts?
Where to buy shipping boxes retail in Metro Manila?
Best mobile Internet Service for Gaming[Unified Thread]
Are there fakes on Lazada?
Is there a site where the credentials like bills, projects of pres, vp and senatorial candidates can be seen?
PNP, AFP raise alert levels in wake of Jakarta attack
Daily random discussion - Jan 26, 2016
What are good brands of leather products here?
To leave or not to leave home?
Current Events/News that happened these recent months?
Any Pinoy War Thunder Players Here?
Advantages &amp; Disadvantages of working 5days/week?
Advice on ISP : Globe or SKY
iPhone 6s users sa Pinas!
How to revoke my religion?
Visiting soon, is there a good night food market in Quezon City I should check out?
Power Mac Center vs Beyond the Box? What are the differences/pros and cons?
Is Arcade Culture Really Dying in the Philippines?
Ang tanga mo naman, pare. Ang "Bear" ay oso. Mali yan" "Sige, sige palitan mo na!"
The English Fetish of the Philippine Congress
Jojo Binay booed at Cebu Sinulog festival
China Has Sovereignty Over Spratlys, Says Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman; Philippines Accused Of Illegally Occupying Eight Islands
New Years Eve of Makati in 4K
Ex INC minister Menorca arrested by polices in civilian clothes.
http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/320x240q90/911/uQGNkE.jpg Mare! Hindi na kailangang bumili ng Lipitor. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na.
Beast Mode on Globe Telecom's Service
Philippines: Netflix is not the enemy | Semi-Current
CBCP: Reject bets backing divorce, death penalty
DON'T GET KILLED Crossing the street in the PHILIPPINES
Lesbian Couple Got Married In The Philippines And It’s Heartwarming
Trial by Fire: My POV during the New Year Tondo Fire. My colleague Cesar Apolinario is also organizing a relief drive for the fire victims this Sunday, Jan. 10.
In Cebu's Sinulog, Citizens’ arrest leads police to 9 ‘thieves’ from Manila
Internet still works after not paying it for 6 months. What do?
Made a pretty sweet coin holder
People living in the Philippines, can you please take a picture outside of your house or from your window and share it with us?
What the FUCK IS HAPPENING IN THIS MOTHERFUCKING SUBREDDIT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Computer Engineers here in the Philippines..
How is the air quality in Cebu?
How to Start a Commercial Cleaning Supplies Business
New to this sub
Me and my Family needed help! Please!
Now that we have "Netflix and chill" who do you plan on inviting? ;)
I believe in Network Marketing!
What makes a good DJ in your opinion?
Suggestion for a romantic dinner? (For a birthday, not valentine)
Where can I find flat rate/cheap parking in Ortigas CBD?
Where can I buy Gatsby Moving Rubber in Luzon area?
I know AM football is not that popular here in the Philippines.
Modular home in the Philippines: Any current residents of a modular home in the Philippines?
Questions on modern Filipino culture.
Deep,Raspy voices.
Grace Poe's Presidency
Aquino green lights privatization of IBC-13
Ayos! Boso care of my aso ;-)
Philippine Airlines (PAL) Still Flying High for 50 Years
Top 10 Highest Paid / Richest PBA Players in 2015
The Top 5 Most Fabulous Beaches in the Philippines - Laag-Laag (Wandering) In The Philippines
For Some Filipino-Americans, Language Barriers Leave Culture Lost in Translation | News Fix
Erik Matti thinks that the future of Philippine cinema is not bright.
BreakOut Philippines temporarily closed The Heist room
CBCP issues guidelines to Catholic voters ahead of 2016 polls
This Lazada review. lolwut?
[Philippines] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
We now have Netflix in the Philippines. Bye 2016. Bye friends.
How to determine the real identity of an online poser?
Advice regarding crook tenant
DFA Online Passport Appointment
Hello Iloilo! What time do the shuttle vans from SM Iloilo going to the airport stop running?
Best VPN to use here in the Philippines?
Flowers for Valentines Day
Android Gift Cards in the Philippines?
Where to invest Php50,000?
Cannot use old banknotes
Best (i.e cheapest) sites to book for PH to US flights? A friend of mine asked but I don't travel ever.
Daily random discussion - Jan 07, 2016
Barber in Pasig suggestions?
Man stabbed for having 'gay' ringtone - choose wisely
If i tried this app with my girlfriend, i'l be single or worst I'm dead.
Your burger dreams are about to come true: In-N-Out Pop-Up happening at Greenhills Promenade
The Enchanted River of Hinatuan, Surigao Del Sur - Laag-Laag (Wandering) In The Philippines
Homebased Job Search: How to cash your Clickbank Check in the Philippines
Guardian short documentary on Filipino domestic workers being treated like slaves in the UK
What are your favourite films from the Philippines? /r/movies has a thread for it right now!
UP Diliman freshman student is missing
Reaction: TV Patrol Philippines - Jan. 1, 2016
Can you get an IT Certification if you are a Civil Engineering graduate?
I feel like I'm the only filipino that believes hot dogs have no place in spaghetti.
F*cked up at work today
looking for cheap tickets to australia..
Looking for IT Trainings/Short Courses in Metro Manila
Proof of return ticket for American traveling to Philippines for short stay?
Anyone experienced buying from fasttech?
I wonder how unmarried couples get to travel faraway and have adventures without being stopped by their family.
Nightly random discussion - Jan 28, 2016
How does one get to San Antonio de Padua church in Silang, Cavite?
Cheap place to stay in manila for a country hick?
Where to get tested for STDs/STIs in Manila?
Nightly random discussion - Jan 10, 2016
An FB post from a recent graduate of UP, I find really inspiring (Failure is not the end)
Continuous printer recommendations?
Now that Balls Channel left Sky, how can you watch UAAP/NCAA, UFC and Tennis games in Cable TV?
Home service massage with extra services in Makati?
"This is the price I have to pay for my love of this country"
Horrible Experience with Globe
Sen. Grace Poe Dameron
Maiden Machete Unleashed! - A Docu on Filipino Genre Filmmaking in the 70's "no budget, no scruples, no boundaries and - more often than not - no clothes"
Netflix homepage comparison of US and PH catalogue
Here's a searchable list of every TV show available on Netflix Phillippines
The Philippines - Traveling Through Paradise
Man dies after hugging "Goodbye Philippines".
Is it really fiber optics straight to your home (FTTH)or Fiber to the Node (FTTN)
We are Filipino medical students and we made a short firm about depression in cancer patients. Any comments or suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
5th Year Anniversary - A Look Back at Five Years
A great read from Benedict Anderson. Worth your time if you're interested in how we got to this state. This was written in 1988 and we're still more or less in that same state of affairs. It's quite sad.
The Need for Civilized Discourse this Election Season
Magandang mga bagong laro para sa PS3 (okay lang rin kahit luma na basta maganda ang gameplay at etc)
Is america really a world power as it poses to be...........
Sorry for asking. Can I go inside Enchanted Kingdom without purchasing the ride-all-you can ticket? And yes I've tried Google.
Trying to update....
Leather business ideas?
Metro Manila traffic is getting worse every day. What are your contingency plans?
Let's put the "source code" in a very secure place. That way we will have peaceful, credible, honest, orderly and clean elections.
ELI how can Panfilo Lacson not use his pork barrel?
Does anyone here know about any Philippine based left-handed calligrapher who does workshops?
Visiting Manila for 12 days
How legit are immigration free orientations?
Broken screen replacement for Iphone
How did you discover your ideal career?
Dress code for watching the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra?
Where can I donate my hair?
(City) is the (Another Country's City) of the Philippines
Why?! Why is MMDA building a "museum" along White Plains?! 3 lanes closed starting Feb 10
Tourist complains of poor medical care in Boracay
Telcos seen facing tougher times ahead
AQUINO, ROXAS, SOLIMAN BLACKMAILING THE POOR
December 2015 Charity | Sign maker philippines - YouTube
For those who think Manila isn't a viable location for the next Dota 2 Majors:
PBA Finals: Alaska Prevails over San Miguel, 83-80, Takes 2-0 Lead
http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/320x240q90/911/tH3OiY.jpg // Mahal ba ang Norvasc? In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na
Where can I buy Japanese loose leaf green teas in Metro Manila?
"Rosas Pandan" performed by New Zealand school choir
What are your views on GABRIELA?
What Pope Francis Really Said About (Gay) Marriage -- and What He Did Not
FYI to asthmatics: Air quality index report. It's now safe to go out!
Government (legislature, not PNOY) scraps 2016 budget for contraceptives
Thessaloniki WUDC 2016 - Finals | ESL Final
[Help] Foreigner here with no knowledge on Philippine Law. Can my friend take legal action against me?
PLDT DSL, 2nd sa pinakamabagal at pinakamahal sa UNIVERSE
Has anyone here tried being Uber driver? What's it like?
Is the phillppines safe for a black person to visit?
Where in the Philippines are you from, where are you now?
Looking for name of the philippines movie/series?
How to get rich in the Philippines
[Serious] Why is the Philippines so underrated in sports?
Did you know that PLDT recently upgraded some of their DSL plans for the same price? This is FYI.
Nightly random discussion - Jan 20, 2016
May mabibilhan ba ng silent electric fan dito sa Metro Manila?
Where to buy salon chairs in the philippines? Like the ones they use at bench fix
Islam in Philippines
How do you send an external drive from PH to US?
Educational Books
Detailed Video on The Philippines' Geographic Challenge
DRD in a nutshell...
We did it, /r/Philippines! We made it on When in Manila!
Pretty Girl Manila Shopping Experince (December Haul) + List of trusted Online Make-Up Shop
Are there any comprehensive studies or list of differences of the different dialects of Tagalog or any other Philippine language?
Cacique Democracy in the Philippines: Origins and Dreams A great read from Benedict Anderson. Worth your time if you're interested in how we got to this state.
[Philippines] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
China sends tourists to Spratleys but warns Filipinos not doing the same
Online jobs that pay through Paypal?
HOW TO BUY STOCKS MARKET
If you were me, what would you do? [serious]
How Old Are PHRedditors?
MPA students of reddit ph: Penge naman ng tips sa admission essay sa graduate school. Tsaka sa GSEE.
Nightly random discussion - Jan 29, 2016
Master's in Public Administration
Lawyers of /r/Philippines..
postal service + customs
Nightly random discussion - Jan 19, 2016
Planning to get a line with Globe. The Php 2,499 plan they got for an iPhone 6s 16 GB. Is it worth it? Do they have hidden charges by the way?
Is there really a God?
Hospitals in Manila?
Counselling, psychiatrist
Anyone with experience buying expensive gadgets/appliances COD from Lazada?
Where's a good wedding destination in the south of Luzon?
Question about Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Award in MMFF and why My Bebe Love won it.
Kidzania at Global City Taguig
Moro Separatists Not Anymore Optimistic with BBL Passage
[CEBU] How to survive traffic during the week long International Eucharistic Congress
EFREN REYES DOCUMENTARY - Life Of The Greatest Pool Player In Modern History ( 40 min )
The Backpacker’s Budget Guide to the Philippines
What are your thoughts on the Diwata micro-satellite and the push for a national space program?
Senate to investigate Tempura/Sashimi Shortage
Sogo donates outdoor exercise equipment to UP Diliman. (x-post from /r/peyups)
THE SECRET LIFE OF RIZAL: Part 1 (A humanistic expose by Ateo. WARNING: VERY VERY LONG READ AHEAD)
Flying lessons in Philippines
Anyone here who has subscribed to Mubi? Is it worth it?
Jollibee wants to take over the world
Shipping out a package, help!
About Smart/PLDT Internet changes
German Moreno passes away at 72
NAPUNGOS People Organization
50,000 PC Build for Fallout 4?
19 yr old college student trying to learn and gain extra money through investing
Is there a PH subreddit for pc builders?
Where to buy HiVi Swan M50W ?
why havent Filipinos created a pop genre that reflects our culture?
Daily random discussion - Jan 17, 2016
Thoughts on CS course of UP Diliman?
Where can i buy american army style MRE (Meal Ready to Eat)?
Is there a place where you could buy dokha &amp; medwakh here in the Philippines?
Airport Checking Bags
Daily random discussion - Jan 11, 2016
How can senatorial candidates effectively reach mobile users in the Philippines
Rate of sea level rise in Philippines is "five times the global rate".
Ely, Raimund and Buddy (75% of the Eraserheads) to reunite for benefit concert this Jan 31 at Route 196
BoodleNews says Binay was not booed by 10,000 in Sinulog - thoughts, redditors?
Tourist has the whole plane to himself to Boracay.
The official logo of League of Legends University for gamers........
/r/Philippines, what National Broadsheet do you prefer reading?
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my tiad
Comelec division junks one out of three DQ petitions vs Duterte
Base-Maps of the Philippines and Linguistic/Regional Controversies in the Archipelago
Car drivers of PH, I need your help with my undergraduate thesis (on the perception of car manuals)! I was wondering if you can fill up my survey, it should only take a few minutes. Thanks!
How viral last year's typhoons are? [Graph]
﻿‘Round South: The Best Road Trip Pit Stops in Southern Cebu - Laag-Laag (Wandering) In The Philippines
Happy new year! How traveling our country changed the mindset of my friend
Any experience using Gcash with Paypal? Any good experience with it in general?
[PLDT] What is this 'Current Charges' in my billing account?
What to do with a bachelor's degree in Biology in the Philippines
Meralco kindly facilitate
//www.reddit.com/submit?selftext=true
Supernatural things you experienced that you can't explain.
Which LTO renewal centers within the metro offers same day releasing of ID?
Teenagers of Manila
Subscribers to Converge ICT
Need your help guys! We are being told to move out in a month.
Modelling agency?
Hey guys! Does anybody know of a great Manila-based transport service that caters to surfers?
Old school filipino action films
Where to play Paintball near marikina
Why can't we have comedy sketches or monologues that are topical that won't cause people to cry bloody murder?
Sneaker stores in Cebu (such as Urban Superior)?
[HELP] Yesterday, I was at greenhills and was offered to swap my 2012 Macbook non-retina (644 Charge Cycles) with an early 2013 build (retina with 144 charge cycles) for 23,000 pesos. Is this a good deal? Thanks very much details as follow..
Question about Filipino Facebook posts
GAMING HACKING
Arab Company Mulls Manila-Pangasinan Advanced Railway
April 9 Bout to be Last | The Official Manny Pacquiao Website
Malls are becoming obsolete in America while the Philippines can't get enough of malls. Why is this so?
SSS PENSION INCREASE VETOED, PNOY ONCE AGAIN THE BADGUY!
Alleged Sex Scandal Video of Joross Gamboa Went Viral
What are your thoughts on DOST?
Dennis Trillo Tops the Lists of 2015 Highest Paid Celebrities
Steve Harvey explains Miss Universe 2015 blunder for the first time
Should I restart the first dose of Nordette pills (ECP)?
Hilarious PAGASA Name Replacement Suggestions
Where and how do I get a job?
What's going on with INC?
What are some great monologues from Filipino movies?
Is having two lines(two connections) from PLDT in the same house allowed?
Putting my faith in the reddit community. Need a small favor in the Manila area.
I'm Having trouble ordering from Amazon.com that will ship here in Philippines
Nightly random discussion - Jan 17, 2016
Daily random discussion - Jan 24, 2016
Sometimes I ask myself, why am I not the one blessed with a US citizenship like my younger brother....
What are some reputable books on the history of the Philippines?
Should I take a review center or self study for the UPCAT/ACET?
Learn Ilonggo - #1 Greetings and First Encounters
Coreographed Flight - Cagayan de Oro City (Jan 30, 2016)
Shame! Bayan Muna group threw paint over a Filipina police officer. What can you say?
Around 6,000 Filipino students gathered to form the largest human anchor formation!
"Revolution Revisited: The 1986 Philippine Revolution" - Photographer who won Pulitzer Prize for covering the Revolution is releasing 120 page photo-book for the 30th anniversary via Kickstarter.
Where to buy beanies online?
'Freedom from Want' By Carlos Bulosan [Saturday Evening Post, March 6, 1943]
Pinay CEO joins ambitious, one-way voyage to Mars
Supreme Court upholds legality of Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between PH and US
How to avoid injuring or killing anyone with stray bullets
RIP David Bowie :(
1 Billion PHP of RH Bill Budget is cut
Congrats Janelle Cahilig, 1st Prize Winner NHK Speech Contest
Should we demonentize 5, 10, and 25 Centavo coins because inflation has beat its practical use?
Is it true Marcos' Jabidah Massacre in the 1970 is the triggerpoint for this conflict?
ELI5: How do I start investing in the Philippine Stock Market?
All male Pinoy presidents are 'Chick Boys' except P-Noy - Erap
Kill The Plumber, a Super Mario role reversal parody by Keybol, is now available on Steam
Makeup/Skincare products for oily skin?
Tips sa pagbili ng Violin
Being a better Mom/Dad
Does iflix require silverlight on all browsers or is it like Netflix which works without silverlight on Chrome and other supported browsers?
Nightly random discussion - Jan 22, 2016
Violence/Killing Cats in Dasmarinas
Cignal or Skycable for 2016?
Sneakernet file distribution in Manila?
Please suggest itineraries for our 1-week family Singapore tour, our first "out-of-the-country" trip
Kidzania Signage | M&amp;G Global Ads- a professional Sign maker
#BiyaheNiDrew #CebuPhilippines #SouthernCebu
The science behind why Filipinos suck at science
I came from Europe to Panglao, what do I have to eat to have a true taste of local cuisine?
Joel Cruz "The lord of scents" and his masked yayas.
James Franco Loves Miss Universe And The Philippines: Tips From Pia On How To Be Miss Universe
Filipino Man Sets World Record For Most Lit Candles Extinguished by Farting (x post /r/wtf)
Xternal Outsource Company provides Business and Permits Registration Visa Processing and renewal, Accounting, Audit and Bookkeeping services for all types of companies in the Philippines
Di na kailangan bumili ng Celebrex. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na.
MMFF may be abolished! Hooray!!!
The story of how a Filipino game developer fought and stumbled his way from the fringes of the fringes to end up at the center in triumph.
The "I'm Going To Be An Entitled Bitch On Public Transport" Starter Pack
Senate approves bill for 100-day maternity leave
Hindi na kailangan bumili ng Ponstan. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na.
Condo in Pasig near Ortigas and Megamall
Sipalay Beach Resort - Part 4 Going Snorkeling at Sipalay Beach
People living in Makati: What's your experience with rent to own apartments?
Caramoan Travel Guide
Yangyang Mobile is appearing on Mellow 94.7
Dog lovers of the Philippines, where do you buy a furry little friend?
PLDT throttling speeds?
Is Zenfone Max (5000 mAh phone) worth it?
Filipino Bites, a monthly subscription box of goodies from the Philippines
Anyone experienced Air You Go Travels?
Questions about cooking sinigang and adobo
Going to visit my filipina GF for the first time! any tips?
As requested, the story of five little fuckers.
Please help me represent the Philippines!
Telstra coming to the Philippines this year?
Question about paying taxes on shoes
Now that we have Netflix, what's a good media streamer to pair it with?
Daily random discussion - Jan 16, 2016
Is there something like a mental health hotline here in the Philippines?
Saan po makakabili ng Solar Panel / cell at magkano po ang minimum?
Where can I buy ear cushions for my Sennheiser HD 449 at Greenhills?
Immigration questions, dual citizenship and recognition as Filipino citizen
ELI5: How do movies get their gross income / earning?
PLDT and Facebook problems?
Daily random discussion - Jan 27, 2016
Any courier that allows shipping of power banks? Possibly that has a branch in Masbate
I asked strangers on the street what they would like to change about the Philippines...
Tanong ko lang po ngayong 2016 kung yung Paypal ko ay pwedeng ma-dugtong sa aking BDO savings account (yung may passbook with ATM card)? Alam ko po na sa Union Bank ay gumagana ang ganito kaya lang po ay gusto kong i-try kung pwede rin po ito sa BDO, salamat po.
Gone with the Wild (A Criticism of Manila Zoo)
Clearing of Mabuhay Lanes extended until June
Binay scores another victory. Smh. Welcome to circlejerk brought to you by our ever reliable justice system...
Would you know any other peculiar/funny/unique names? Preferably someone you've met or you know is a real person in the Philippines. Background info on the name would be great :) Please and thank you! (For research purposes.)
Lanhawk59's Muscle Training program- Good muscle building routine
An interesting page made it to one of the most edited English Wikipedia articles in it's history.
This man got a private jet for the price of an economy ticket (PAL Manila to Boracay flight)
DOT Tourism Commercial. Fun!
Poe wants discuss possible Constitutional amendments
The water has been off for over two weeks in Capitol Site, Cebu City. Does anyone know what's going on?
Buying from YouPoundIt?
What is/are the things that make you cringe the most about the Philippines?
LOOKING FOR DAME LILLARD SHOES AT CARTIMAR PASAY !
Fat burner to shred the extra fat
Weekend get away tips
SM Seaside in Cebu is having serious public transport issues.
Planning to go on vacation, pls advice on good travel tour agencies.
Daily random discussion - Jan 30, 2016
Anyone knowledgable in sustainable design? I want to know the difference between LEED and Berde.
foreigner married filipina and i think i can't do it anymore.
Saan po ba 'nagtitipon' ang mga music makers/lovers sa Manila?
Best place to gamble?
Commuting around Makati
Nightly random discussion - Jan 05, 2016
Question about shipping things within the Philippines
Cultural program in Manila (Makati)
What do you LOVE most about living in the Philippines? :)
Mare! Hindi na kailangang bumili ng Lipitor. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na.
pepper.ph's 2015 Food Review: Digesting the Year That Was
Remington delivers last batch of M4 carbines to Philippines. (56,000 rifles)
A Day Trip at Negros Oriental’s Slice of Paradise: Apo Island - Laag-Laag (Wandering) In The Philippines
Smart lte for mobile internet is good enough for video calling and some you tube viewing on a daily basis?
[Philippines] Jasmine Crane - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
New York &amp; Manny Pacquiao by Mav Gonzales. Pacman behind the scenes and the perks/challenges of an out-of-country coverage.
Is it common for a filipina woman who emigrates from the phillipines to lose touch with her culture?
Relationship Q&amp;A with the opposite sex: Men, what would you like to ask the women? Women, what would you like to ask the men?
Thinking of buying a 2nd hand CPU.. Do you think its a good idea?
What the cheapest HDMI gaming monitor to pair with my GTX 960?
What would you do with Php 76,256,800,000?
Please recommend a good place for a good chat and beer with a Filipino friend who came from Paris.
Duties and Tax from purchasing online
ELI5: Why does my PLDT router keep rebooting itself?
How do you report or file a complaint against a tour company?
Where to watch NFL in Quezon City area? Seahawks vs Panthers
Where can i get some candy flavoring?
Can someone explain the Kath, Vince, Var, Cheer phenomenon on Philippine Facebook?
Good ISP Provider?
Questions about credit/debit cards and freelancing as a student
I'm curious. How do you become a researcher that works for Armed Forces of the Philippines?
Uber introduces uberHOP in the Philippines
Philippine 'Comfort Women' Demand Justice Ahead of Japanese Imperial Visit
BGC Bonifacio Global City - Hit and Run - Caught on Cam - January 26, 2016
Condo Living: Superb Interior Design
House Design Ideas in the Philippines
30k budget in tokyo for 5 days
http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/320x240q90/907/ZJhxRf.jpg Di na kailangan bumili ng Celebrex. In new Rhea Generics, SAME MAKER, SAME PRODUCT and take note LOW PRICE. Yes, LOW PRICE! Kaya sa murang presyo, kalidad ay sigurado. Kaya san ka pa? Sa Rhea Generics na
Columbian burns mascot of Pia Wurtzback, apologizes afterwards
Give Up Tomorrow (2011) - When a teenager from a political family in the Philippines is accused of a double murder, the country's entire judicial system is put to the test after years of alleged corruption. [X-Post from /r/Documentaries]
Metro Manila's New Year's Eve Celebration Fireworks Display!
Tado ka talaga, pare. Sabi mo mali yung "bear with us" eh tama naman pala. Napahiya tuloy tayo sa Sosyal Medyas
PNP Anti-Cybercrime Group warns: ‘Spreading foul election memes could lead to online libel raps’
