Why don't they make viewfinders on top of the camera like a Rolliflex anymore?
Tips for Beginner to offer free portrait/boudoir/nude shots without seeming creepy.
Was thinking of getting a 50mm prime lens. But am I right in thinking I could just move my kit lens to the 50 and it's now 50mm?? I'm new to photography and not sure if I'm right or missing something.
Baby announcement shoot
First time Editing RAW
Favourite / Essential photography books?
What software would you recommend for assembling a timelapse from 30,000+ JPEGs?
New to photography: Nikon D3300 or 3200?
Photos of the Night Sky...How to proceed?
Have been photographing automobiles for a couple local dealerships, but I want more dealerships
Advice needed: Buying used Nikon D3200 over new Nikon D3300
New D500 Sample Photos, but this looks familiar...
HELP - Inexperienced Funeral Photographer
Looking for a great messenger bag for wedding photography
Instagram format, can't get myself to enjoy it.
First paid portrait session!
Problem viewing RAW images in ACR Preview / editor. Any ideas?
How to shoot fine art flower and still life photography??
Any tips for making miniatures (2 inches) appear life size?
First Camera : Sony A6000 or Canon EOS 70D
Please help! My Eos M3 won't let me upgrade the firmware!
Etsy: Canvas, prints, and pricing and instagram.
Will I see a difference in IQ between A7S II and A7R II?
Can anyone recommend a basic drone (uav) that is ok to use for photography? Or to put it a different way, what is the cheapest drone out there for basic photography.
Shutter Counts - What to look for when buying a used camera? (5d mk iii)
Editing Process
Ripples Desktop Wallpapers
[PSA] Fundamentals of Photography 2016 Live Now on Creative Live
Fashion photography and 4 wheeled beauty
Homemade valentines day cards
Basic Information About The Photo Booth Hire Melbourne For Wedding
صور مؤلمة: ذكر الكنغر وصغيره يودعان الأم قبل موتها
Tips for Professional Photographers!
5 Peculiar Principles For Photographers
A story for my photography "A sunset call Victoria" with the photography
Advertising Photos
This is the best argument that I've heard to switch from DSLR to mirrorless
Photography for beginner make your photos live
Nikon Sliced This D5 in Half to Reveal the DSLR’s Guts
How To &amp; Why You Should Start a Photographing Strangers Project Today
Best Quotes wallpaper
Corporate photographer Abu Dhabi - Mohammad Hajjar
NYE Photo Project: Before and After
0324 - Tập múa - Dancing Training - 999 roses in my life
Using a Long Prism to get crazy effect
Photo is available for purchase. Starting at $7.99!
Robert Capa "In Love and War" 2003 Full Length
Selection of the best free stock photos 2015
Thought I'd mess around with this picture a bit, and this is what I got
Understanding Loneliness
Need some help finding out what these are worth PLEASE. Photos in comments.
This Photo of a Potato Sold for Over $1,000,000
[Help] Really weird problem with Nikon 70-200 2.8 VRII
Took this pic of early-dawn from 777 airliner at cruising altitude.
A series of hyperlapse visiting CES
So, I woke up to this...
Third party battery grips. (yes I searched)
Going camping this weekend and want to do some star photography. I have a Nikon D7000, what are some tips I should know?
For the first time an image of mine got on the front page of Flickr (Explore).
Tips for interior photography
Should I be excited about this? Or is it far more common that I realise?
Worth getting the Canon 17 40mm f4
Bought Capture Pro 9. Got tethering to work. Question about saving to local and SD
Complete Photonoob Question: What is a reasonable range to pay for a simple shoot?
Should I bring my Anja with tripod to NYC?
Is the D7200 worth it, or wait for newer model?
Nikon D500 vs Nikon D810
Just got a Sony RX-100 -- any tips on how to start learning how to use it?
Need help executing this star trail photo idea
Suddenly Instagram is pixelating my images... any solutions? (Using Android Instagram app...)
protecting your gear against a color run
Official Weekly "How was this photo taken?" Thread!
Official Monthly Instagram Follow Thread!
Let's talk about storage (NAS)
70-200 mm f4 L Worth it for 200$?
Is there a way to create a DIY continuous ring light with one bulb?
Adaptalux is looking better and better
What lens should i use?
"Canon L lens costs about the same as a tampon"
Where to buy high-quality prints of famous photographers / photos?
Durdle Door sunset
Discover the wonders of old film cameras in this photo workshop
You Are What You Post: Essential Online Marketing Tips For The Busy Photographer
Photography (1)
Olympus PEN-F camera takes you back in time with its looks
Rule of thirds
Might as well throw our cameras away
Create this Poster Design with Abstract Effects in Photoshop
My twin recently got into Photography, self taught thanks to the internet! Check out his website for awesome photos of N. Ireland
In The Bag with David Burnett
Mr. Blogger — Black and white photography in a colored world
Best Friends [2000x1333]
What is the lighting that is used here?
Another Free PS/LR Lesson! Drop by and learn something! :)
Can someone identify this camera repair tool?
Professional Vintage Photo Editing – Preserving Golden Memories for Eternity
Business Legal Forms For Photographers – Templates &amp; Examples
Close UP Photographers at Work [1of2]
A unique way to make a wedding perfect
HD PC Wallpapers
The Last Photographers On Los Angeles' 6th Street Bridge
Taken downtown with some friends
Elvin Siew Chun Wai
Cool wallpapers hd neon
Truly flash mobbing a wedding couple! - Not my video from a photography club.
Photo Booth Hire Ireland, Photo Booth Hire Packages Ni
How to make cool Travel videos
Wallpaper hd 1080p free download for laptop
Nikon D500 announced!
Professional photographer in Abu Dhabi - Mohammad Hajjar
Photography: Workflow and Backup Tips
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. (NSFW)
Film As Fast As Possible - Techquickie
Possibly one of my biggest fuck ups of my photography career that may be reverted, any help?
Being asked to photograph for work, need advice about invoicing!
Help with lens hood please!
Why you should hire a professional wedding photographer
From a uninspired picture to a cool one, how to improve it on Lightroom
How slow a shutter speed do you guys use for speed blurs?
A photographer in need is a photographer indeed...
My photographer friend got stuck in a (mostly) abandoned LaGuardia overnight. This is the result.
Puddle at the roadside looking like a start night
Contemporary Art, Modern Art, Skins, Themes, Poetry, Prose, Applications, Wallpapers, Online Art,
What's with the lens price discrepancies?
How do tech youtubers (linustech, HardwareCanuks, etc) get such nice photography?
How many focus points for portraits with more then one subject?
Hi, I'm new to cameras and I'd like your helpful advice please. :)
Questions about using lightroom
Used DSLR Camera
Ever wonder what a broken VR unit does to photos?
Just bought my first DSLR, teach me how to use f-stop properly.
looking for an intro to flashes!
What separates good photographer from great ?
iPhone time lapse in the background?
What is it with misty waterfalls?
Why dont the photos that i like get as much likes and appreciation as the photos that i dont actually like.
Why aren't polarizing filters used for shutters?
So I'm going backpacking across Canada soon, could any of you help me with camera choices.
Sigma 17-50 f2.8 on crop sensor?
Who is working in the industry?
Capture One Resources
Sensor cleaning, do you do it regularly or wait until you see spots?
How much do you charge for a shoot? Need some assistance.
Help with diagramming wedding albums
First time shooting a few local artist, i need some tips?
Are Nikon long last cameras?
Perfect Resize?
Strange light effect on iPhone vs camera
Anyone have experience with LiveBooth iPad photobooth app?
Help with picking a new bag. Looking for input on sling style bags.
What lenses should i buy?
Do you guys have any weird photography habits?
What is this weird Chromatic Aberration and how do I remove it in Lightroom/Photoshop?
Contracts and final image delivery
Can someone teach me how to use this damn camera?
[kickstarter] 50 mm f/0.75 - by ExperimentalOptics --
Engagement Photos NYC
Any good site for selling prints?
Practicing Bird Photography at Montecasino | Outdoorphoto Blog
Photographer Combines Star Wars with Photos of an Offshore Drilling Rig
Factors you should consider when looking for a fotograf wien
This just starting happening. Certain whites and/or lights are distorted in my viewfinder and screen before taking a photo, as in the top picture, but come out fine on the screen after taking the photo, as in the bottom picture. Sony A7s
The morrocans" by young French-Morrocan Leila Alaoui, recently murdered in terror Attack in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso)
Initiation à la vidéo HD à partir d'un appareil photo numérique
If you're interested in doing product photography, check out Minimallyminimal's website, he often does product reviews and his shots are just great
floral bouquets make prettier heads
Unbelievable how much money he sold a photo for! Insane!!
Canon 1DX Mark II announcement finally coming next week!
White House Photographer: 2015 Year in Photographs
What to check before choosing wedding video recording service?
Monkey selfie case: judge rules animal cannot own his photo copyright
Base Articles | Bringitonline best product photography in Delhi NCR
Asheville Nights.
Quotes about change
Awesome deal for Universal Cell Phone Camera Lens Kit. 3-in-1 Clip-on Lens - 180 Degree Fish Eye, 130 Degree Wide Angle, 10x Macro Lens for Iphone 4 5 6, Samsung S4 and S5, Note 2 and 3. (Black) (Free instead of $14.99)
Where can I go for editing advice on one of my own photos?
Does anyone know if they fixed the issue with D7100's where you weren't able to change aperture in live view?
beautiful Rohtas fort in Punjab Pakistan
Olympus EE-1 Dot Sight review by Mirrorlessons
The start of a new year is always the hardest time for Santa
Olympus Stylus Tough TG-870 takes camera durability to the next level
Get Paid To take Pictures
Things to Know While Hiring a Southern Highlands Wedding Photographer
Get Multiple Color Choise of Photo Frames
Real Estate Photography Tips and Tactics
Is there any Nikon F to Sony E mount adapter out yet that has autfocus or data reading?
How do you earn money from photography?
Doing my first new born shoot in two days, any experienced photographers have any tips?
How can I figure out what fstop I'm shooting video at? Does it change if I use autofocus?
Pixsy's "matches".. does it actually work for anybody here?
Do you guys use multiple small (16gb/32gb) sd/cf cards while out shooting or just one big one like 64gb+
Got my first exhibition coming up, looking for print advice and pricing q
70D Lens Recommendations?
Photos for bands
Advertising for a High School Student
Question about how to photograph the milky way
How do you increase your following on social media?
Deciding on first DSLR
Wildlife Prime vs Zoom dilemma
How to quickly put together a portfolio?
What are your favorite pieces of business software/apps?
Working for Experience but Need a Pro Portfolio.
Shooting B&amp;W film indoors with low(ish) light
Anyone know how I could get hold of a replacement Nikon D600 tripod mount part?
Why do some of my recent shots have a white flare in the top left corner? (Details inside)
So, when are interchangeable-lens cameras going to start coming with locking lens mounts?
Neewer MK320 TTL flash (Sony)
New 3D Desktop Wallpapers
99wall.com | free HD &amp;amp; wide wallpaper download
How to Make a Cinemagraph: The Complete Guide [Infographic]
Free Download Wallpaper
How to make your Black and White photos look awesome in under five minutes!
Photography is Not Easy as You Think!
Happy Valentines Day i Love You Quotes
One of the main reasons you know about Nikon turns 100 today. Take a minute to check David Douglas Duncan's work out.
Just How Important Is Branding For Photographers? (Spoiler Alert: Very!)
This just happened: Photo Of Literally Just A Potato Sold For One Million Dollars
Fujifilm X-E2 is getting basically all software features of X-T1/X-T10 by firmware update on 4 Feb 2016
Is it necessary to follow the rule of thirds, while photographing an image?
All the links to preorder the new Nikon Gear.
Found this blog post about taxes to be helpful as a Freelance Photographer. Good Read!
Product photography abu dhabi
I put together a guide to taking better landscape photographs. Hopefully some of the novice photographers here might find it useful.
Can anyone help me with the lighting in this photograph?
Afternoon in Bristol
Would it be worth turning a messenger bag into a camera bag for candid photography preposes ?
The 8mm camera return explained by Kodak CEO Jeff Clarke
Looking back at 2015
Mike Brown: Positioning &amp; Framing a Composition
Photographey.com Is For Sale At Brandiu - GET Branded Names
Aphotoeditor.com for all your industry questions
0315 - Cà Chua - My Friend - 999 roses in my life
Ideas for portrait photographers to use for indoor locations for shoots during the winter?
worldclassednews.com/how-to-become-a-professional-portrait-photographer-6-essential-steps/
Elopement in Paris with Love
I bought a speedlite on Ebay, the flash has damaged mark that was not described in the description and pictures didn't highlight the mark well. Advice?
Looking for canon silicon covers.
Get Paid To take Pictures
Received a T5i for Christmas. Jail shoot. First camera that isn't a point and shoot. Advice?
This Photographer Has Captured The Beauty Of Women From 37 Countries
What is Full Stack Stabilization?!?!
What camera (model#) do you use for engagement photos and on the wedding day (please include any accessories)
test-streaming lightroom session on twitch.tv
Weird face appeared on a photo - what could cause this?
Any astrophotography goals in 2016?
Portrait of my new friend!
Dear Vogue: Do you really think professional wedding photography is not an important after seeing these pictures?!?!
Did I catch an Aurora Borealis?
Art, Photography, Art, Digital, Online Art,
Help! Chunk of photos missing from SD card
Is there any benefit to buying a 4k laptop for editing photos ?
Nikon D750 and a Yongnuo YN570-III
Need help with IR Photography
I have $400 to invest in a lighting set-up. How can I make my money go far?
PSA: Do NOT attempt to update your Sony A7 camera firmware on MacOSX!
Photography Magazines Subscriptions
I'm looking for suggestions on a vertical battery grip for Sony A7 II
How do you capture a period of your life in images?
Noob question - how can I tell if my Howell &amp; Bell Dial 35 still "works"?
Camera Body Issue?
Lightweight DSLR for a beginner?
Zooming in to check for Noise on LR
I was looking back on pictures I've taken found why I shoot in raw
Shadows on subject
6D dial fell off, bought a replacement that came with super glue... Accidentally super glued my dial stuck :( is there anyway to fix this?
is there an agreed upon way to prove that a photo hasn't been shopped?
Lense question for nikon n70
Need help taking a portrait of a soccer player
Help me identify this gear belt system.
4k dslr for around 500$?
What camera should I get next?
Your favourite photo galleries: neighborhoods from multiple angles
Advice for engagement photos under limited conditions?
Is there any way I can fix this? Or am I screwed?
VSCO preset or LR/Photoshop editing?
Help me get into photograhpy.
Help with Rollei 35 Metering
Photography CV question
Affordable Wedding Photography Honolulu
Balloons For Oppressive Religions
‘Still Life’ Photos of Petrified Animals at Lake Natron
Salil Photography BD
Bavarian Castle within the forests of Germany. 35mm expired film shot.
Cinematic Photographs of Tokyo at Night by Masashi Wakui
A Giant Wolf Appeared In The Sky Over Sweden And This Photographer Captured It All
Black and White Photography tips
Photographer Captures The Incredible Beauty Of Women Around The World
Mirror effect pictures - Photography
Documentary Photographer Mary Ellen Mark
A dramatic portrait taken by a 14 year old.
Fuji X Pro2 Lightroom Use (Kevin Mullins)
Photography brings happiness in the lives of people
Free Photoshop Lesson anyone? I'll edit your shot! :)
Silly Headshot Photographs
Photography portfolio of Erika Szostak
Vital Tips To Help You Get Your Photography Business Off The Ground In 2016
Canon Pro-100 on sale for $99.99 USD (After $250 Mail in rebate) Details in Comments
Vote for worst camera of 2015.
Where do you sit on The Gear Acquisition Syndrome Horseshoe?
Best Surreal Photography Inspiration for Photographers
Look how she is pretty ! warning: photos +18
Eyeborg: The Man Who Replaced His Eyeball with a Camera
What's In My Camera Bag
I guess, I would like the previous version, Mr fundy Designer
Reasons to shoot in RAW+resources
Just bought a Nikkor 70-200 VR ii for $1635 USD...
This is Norman.
I have started writing a Zeiss lens review. Is this helpful? Comments appreciated
Advanced Photography Course AND Diploma for $59.99 (Deal Ends January 14)
Buying used lenses
I'm experimenting with using my new ring flash for portraits but not sure I like the circular reflection in the subject's eyes. How do you feel about it?
What are the benefits of a expensive tripod/stand.
Which metering type should I be using? (Spot, evaluative, centre-weighted etc.)
Which one should I get? 60d or t5i?
What is a "Style of Shooting" (and how do I get one?)
What are some good lenses under 400 compatible with Nikon D3300?
D7000 shutter failed what's the next course of action?
Using Alexa LUTs in Photoshop for stills
Looking for good/cheap audio recording equipment for capturing wildlife noises to pair with wildlife photography
What to say when asked what you are "doing"?
6 years of photography
Official Album Thread! Post an album from your photos, let reddit pick the best one out of the album!
Is there an easy way to track the setup of the photos you take?
Photographers who live in rainy cities, how do you have successful, well lit portrait sessions with natural light?
[Question] Olympus OM-D E-M5 Mark II Shutter Button
Making Sony RX100 output look like Fuji X100
Does anyone know if there is any free software that actually works for Live Viewing photos and Videos on a MacBook with a Nikon DSLR?
On location permission
Help with flashes!
10 Myths About the Rule of Thirds
Useful/fun? What are some ideas for functional ways to incorporate these into a photo kit?
Yongnuo YN-360 pixel led wand will be $62 USD
Get Photo Booths for Rent to Capture Special Moments Of Your Big Day
The History and Science of Color Temperature
Superbe surprise engagement photo session at the eiffel tower Paris
Any idea what this camera model is?
Star Wars-themed "Last Supper" photo
¿Cómo subir fotos desde la PC a Instagram?
A brief, shining light - Photos from New York's 1940s progressive newspaper "PM"
Essentials of Adventure Photography!
Essentials for Professional Photographers
Deepika Padukone at 61st Britannia Filmfare Awards 2016
Sigma 24mm 1.4 + Sony A7II REVIEW
Look- Nikon made an action cam... and also the worst ever promo video.
Stage photo paris
Shooting with a 136 Years Old Lens
ASUS Zenfone Zoom - A smartphone with 3x optical zoom and a 13 MP sensor for 399 USD
0328 - Áo dài trắng - Vietnamese National Costume - 999 roses in my life
Photographer posts on /r/pics, is upvoted to the top but majority of comments are tearing him apart. How is there such a divide? Is the upvoting gamed?
It looks like GoPro is having some financial troubles.
first time photographer, river in small town canada
How to take better sunrise/set pictures.
0317 - Thư giãn - Relaxtation - 999 roses in my life
Check out my friends work. He's an aspiring photographer from Madison, WI. Very talented individual.
Photography satirist responds to page that stole her photograph and Photoshopped out her watermark
Help! Boudoir-esque shoot coming up- I'm a beginner, need advice.
Another How much should i charge, hear me out.
Potential for new camera
After the D500 and D5 announcements: What’s on your wish list for the D900?
FOCAL POINT **Artist Website**
Size Matters - A short film for photographers who love long...lenses
Any 18 year olds in London want to be photographed?
Why can't the manufacturers put a rubber gasket around the lens mount on bodies rather than having them on the lenses?
Older Pro Bodies?
Redevelopment of 35mm rolls
One eye reflecting yellow/white, the other red.
Maybe a switch to mirror less?
Canon EOS 6D vs Canon EOS 7D Mark II vs Canon 70D?
Announcement: Relaunching the /r/photography live chat
Advice on printing photos. What paper?
Does anyone own a 70d + sigma 17-50 f2.8 combo?
Just put together my first photozine, and boy what an incredibly exciting process! I feel like its really put a spark back into photography for me. What has helped boost you?
2016 is here. What type of photo projects do you have lined up?
Seeking Advise for Fuji x100s in Winter
Best way to create an automated photoshop process to correct huge batch of over-exposed photos?
How has your success been with Thumbtack?
Is there such thing as a Canon EF - Minolta MD adapter?
[Magazine pages, interesting] 60 Years Ago - January 1956 - Photo.net Classic Manual Cameras Forum
Nikon 1 J5 Video Test. OMG!!
Wedding Photographer Singapore
It has been two years since I bought a 'fancy' camera for capturing adventure stories. This is my review of the Olympus OM-D E-M1 camera, from the perspective of using it for human-powered adventures. I think that it is almost perfect, but what do others use for human powered adventures?
7 Amazing Fashion Photography Blogs
What are the important areas of Edmonton Photography?
Green Crowned Brilliant Hummingbird
DPreview's first impressions of the X-Pro2 have been updated with dynamic range/ISO tests with a production-ready model.
Maternity photography with horse
Video shot with a FuiFilm X-A1 and a PK lens from 1980's
How do I do this filter effect in photoshop (amateur here) I'm great at taking photos but not with after doing stuff to make it look better.
I Shot with the Nikon D500. Here Are My Thoughts
My photography. ;D
Buffer and Google Analytics for photographers?
Josef Koudelka. Prague. August 1968.
RetouchPRO LIVE - Winning Photo Contests
An interview with Masayoshi Sukita, David Bowie's photographer
Movie shot with the D500. Looks promising.
Digging Deeper Into Vivian Maier’s Past
Download Glass Photo Frame 1.1 terbaru
New year pictures 2016
Trick Photography and Special Effects by Evan Sharboneau
Photographing Brooklyn's Adorable Feral Cats
West Point on the Eno, Durham NC
FYI: you can replace the shitty, slow piece of shit Adobe's Windows Explorer preview handler DNG Codec with Sagethumbs
Metering on the Fuji XT1
A slideshow of my photography from the last decade
What is the right to find a reliable fotograf wien?
The Growth of Contemporary African Photography at LagosPhoto
Looking to get some critique on my new Photography Portfolio site! Fire away.
Product photography in Delhi Gurgaon Noida Faridabad www.bringitonline.in/photography.html
The CIA’s Guide to Taking Pictures of UFOs
Nikon D500 at 1,640,000 ISO
Friend sent me a pic of this camera. Felt this caption was fitting.
Did my first prints from film, how did I do
wooden butterfly
Today is MLK Day. Meet Bruce Davidson, a photographer who helped document the Civil Rights Movement.
For all your bread photography needs(?)
Should i upgrade my T5 to a T5i? Looking for a canon body that's not going to break my bank to handle better recording.
ITAP of this succulent at the beach.
Pixels per inch and optimizing for specific displays
PHOTOGRAPHY INSTAGRAMS
Picture Hanging System
Qualities of an Experienced Sydney Wedding Photographer
Search-Photographyschools
My lens is sharp, right?
Official weekly RAW editing challenge!
My first 3 months taking photos
Nikon 50mm f/1.8D and some questions
Is this photography ?
Peer-to-peer camera rentals in San Jose URL: https://www.cameralends.com/c/San-Jose-CA
Have a 600$ budget what entry level DSLR or Mirror Less camera should I get?
Question about purchasing a camera internationally (In the U.S., buying online from Canadian site)
What are you using to sort your photos? (Mac)
Questions about fine art print pricing and shipping
First time traveling
How to clean fluorine coated lenses?
Should I be worried about the white walls of my apartment/home studio?
ELI5: Lens vs "Kit" Lens
Do we really still need to know "equivalent" focal length?
Articulating screen
5D Mark II in 2016?
New Understanding Exposure
Sony Users: Capture One or Lightroom?
Fisheye lens for smart phone?
I really need things to photograph
Quick photoshop question
Is Canada considered grey market?
Looking for a professional grade dslr that will work for quality photos and some video. Thanks for suggestions.
Platinotypes- has anyone here worked with this incredible process?
Tips and Tricks of Photo Effect from Professional Photographer
Hidden Bali Photo Tour Workshop - Encore Edition with David Lazar
0336 - Da ngăm đáng yêu - Nice Tan Skin - 999 roses in my life
Tips for Professional Photographers!
Industrial photographer Abu Dhabi - Mohammad Hajjar
10 Amazing Images Of The Universe
'WOMEN: New Portraits' Annie Leibovitz Unveils New Exhibit
صور سحلية الذيل الشيطانية شيء غريب - اجمل الصور
The Most Trusted and Professional Photographers in North Queensland | http://www.michaelpetersenphotography.com.au/wedding-prices.html - Hire one of the most trusted and professional photographers in North Queensland and capture your wedding in a way which is both unique and trendy.
Vermont Winter Landscape Photos - Go4Travel Blog
Nasa Space Pictures
Best Travel DSLR Bag?
The Perimeter | Quintin Lake's photographic Journey walking around Britain's Coast
0331 - Tập múa quạt - Dancing with The Fans - 999 roses in my life
Richard Avedon- Darkness and Light
Fotografía Profesional por el renombrado estudio de la foto
Hot/warm honey
Macro Photography Tips — Things to Know before Photographing Insects
Chevy Truck Light Show! #chevytruck
What is a fine art print?
Ed Templeton: A Professional Skateboarder Turns Artist
Lagi Mandi, Foto Chika Bugil #2 | Chika Bugil
Photo of the day... #sydney #pigletandtheogre
Life hack of the day: Phone + Binoculars
Know a good resource for quotes about photography?
When will be the next major sale?
A photo I took 2 summers ago, thought you might enjoy it.
Some iPhone 7 camera rumors (dual lens camera, curved sensor)
Astrophotography- Need help executing this idea?
How Can I Take Control and Host My Own Photos Online? - Lifehacker
Advanced Photography Diploma
Zurich Wedding Photographer – Ruxi Balea
Finally got my basic website off the ground
Rebel t5i vs t6i?
Most of the time when I come home it's dark outside, what should I shoot?
Anyone know a good place for giant prints?
How do you create a desaturated contrasty urban photography look in lightroom / photoshop?
Opinions on buying Camera, Nikon D7000 used or D3300 New.
How to achieve a picture where the front subject is darker than the background?
Newspaper wants to use my image in a different country and wants to know what my fee is?
Mixing B&amp;W images within a color set. What's your opinion?
Why you should only purchase photography equipment from a photography retailer - My experience with a fake Røde Videomic sold and fulfilled by Amazon USA
I need a tripod with the most "range".
Looking for compact camera
Zoom Lens for Weddings
I'm new to this and would love to learn more about great photographers and their work. So, folks of r/photography, which photographer is your biggest inspiration?
My HDR isn't "popping." What am I doing wrong?
X100t or an A7ii with a Zeiss 35 for street?
Street photography spots in the Bay Area?
I Suck at Landscape
What are some safe photography spots in DC?
Is this legal? Altered version of my photo being sold.
Need Help Finding a Lens - Flying in a Helicopter with a Canon (Crop Sensor) DSLR
Any one have experience with shooting in abandoned buildings? Care to share tips and tools?
Thoughts on close-up-lens
[DISNEY] What are the best ways to shoot photos in Disney World or any past experiences you all have?
Lightroom and Olympus ORF Files, what do?
Sports Illustrated Laid off All Photographers
Download the iOS Update to Experience the Powerful New Explore &amp; Profile Tabs
FUJIFILM TO INCREASE PRICES FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC FILMS AND ONE-TIME-USE CAMERAS
HELP ME WIN A CONTEST PLEASEE
Corbis Sold To Visual China Group – Absorbs Into Getty Images
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
1D X Mark II - 22mp, 15+ DR, will announce in February, for sale in April. Slightly cheaper than D5. (Probably)
How to be more Selfie Photogenic – 7 EFFICIENT TRICKS – APPlite
