Who are your favorite eccentric Pittsburghers?
Crazy 10 Hour EDM Rave Dance Party! Free Red Bull! Free Body Painting! Free Bacon n Egg Breakfast! Akron Ohio
Offered a salary of $75,500. Help with what take home will be
Pittsburgh set to become first city run by Google.
Boxing in Lawrenceville 2/27
Any stores around with neat antique-y knick knacks?
Marty's Market in the Strip opening for one final sale on January 30th.
Most commuters travel alone by car, according to survey
Police were Bored this afternoon
Peduto administration pitches use of Section 8 funds to subsidize home ownership
In Pittsburgh, Pretty Public Spaces Also Mean Jobs
Good place in Lawrenceville to watch the game?
Is there any truth in this?
Anyone in Shadyside happen to have a battery powered Dremel they want to let me borrow/rent to me?
Good Bankruptcy Lawyer for Chapter 7?
Any early (like happy hour-ish) pub trivia around?
Recommendations for old Pennco cast iron boiler?
Weekly Happenings 2016 Jan :: 01/18 - 01/24 ::
Join John Fetterman in Overturning Citizens United
Moving soon...clueless as to where to live
Lost iPhone @ Sing Sing or Improv in Waterfront
Found cat in Bellevue
Bed bugs in downtown apartment
Anyone know a good ADD psychiatrist?
Elbow Room to return to its original Shadyside spot
Riding Pittsburgh's inclines in 1926
CMU Team is Working on the Hyperloop Project.
Local Taxes? Keystone or Jordan? Wtf?
Thinking about moving to Summerhill area.. is proximity to Northview Heights an issue?
2x Pitt/OSU wrestling tickets [FREE]
[pittsburgh] Valerie Robinson - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
First wеb-sеrvice whеre teеnage wоman loоking fаmiliarity thеy writе first NЕITHER PАYMENTS and оther trаsh!!!
Mayor, County Executive Volunteer At Shelter During Cold Evenings
This attorney from Making a Murderer - which Pittsburgh news reporter does he look like? I think it was a location reporter, not an anchor
State oversight board releases $2.9M to Pittsburgh; city notes $17.1M still owed
Port Authority panel wants to get public comment on new fare proposal
Love our bridges.
Carrick is ghetto....
Pittsburgh Youngbloods looking for a new inline goalie. Z league RMU sportsplex in Neville Island. We will pay for your dues so it will be free!!
CMU Design Project seeking Women who are experiencing hair loss/thinning for user research study.
I need a bank! (and a tax accountant)
Brownsville Road closing January 4 for gas/water lines (Mount Oliver/Knoxville)
Pittsburgh Police dealing with mass exodus
Two out of town families meeting in Pittsburgh to watch the Bengals game this weekend. Any suggestions where to go and/or stay?
Kitchen Contractor
Looking for paddleboarding suggestions
Remains of the Hulton Bridge
Saw this on Banksville Rd. Moms, gotta love them.
Long John Silver’s Relaunches Stores In Pittsburgh
If only I had $2500...
WINTER!!! Worst traffic in the nation currently.
We'll be Rollin' Balls at Hollywood Lanes on January 16th! Open Bar! Unlimited Bowling! DubStep Trap Drum'n'Bass! Awesome People!
True Kings of the North
Unusual or unknown Pittsburgh restaurants?
Does Pittsburgh have a jobs aggregate site?
Anybody ever used the Tony Williams Car Service?
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my laag
Mother to Son program for Single Moms and their Sons in Pittsburgh! (More info in the comments)
Wilksburg, PA - Tax Abatement Help
Motives for poposed UPMC hospital questioned by competitors.
Snow plow tracker! (if you forgot)
Who wants to buy the house from "Silence of the Lambs"? It's only $250K
Koppers shutting down Clairton chemical plant - laying off 52 workers
Picture of the morning fog by Darrell Sapp
Parking lots where can I practice autocross/motorsports?
Eye exam + contacts
Request, help an acid burn survivor who has just come to Pittsburgh with her 5- and 9-year old kids
Winter Storm Warning 1/23
Pittsburgh, I need ideas for a company picnic and/or Christmas Party
Jeremiah's Place provides crisis child care
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my saa
Worst websites in Pittsburgh. Go!
My workplace gives me an hour lunch break. Where would you go during this time (I work in the Northside near AGH)?
The best store-bought Gob in Western PA
Is there anyone that takes care of feral/stray cats and would like a heated cat house?
[Missing pet] Blue nosed pit puppy
T-mobile Stores in Pittsburgh
(One more post about) Bad Roads
Port Authority Nintendo Yo-Kai Watch Bus Wrap in PGH?
Job finding in Pittsburgh
Manufacturing Jobs in the Area
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:nnitdtataaigntl
Downtown Pittsburgh Dog Sledding Episode 2!
Pittsburgh chosen as 5th best for active lifestyle (article)
Looks like that time of the year again
Keeping the north side classy!
Young Artists Find Home And Healing At Pittsburgh Art House
Old Man Yells At Cloud: Schneider's Dairy
What's going on out there?
PA Representative from Washington County absent for budget vote still voted, says he doesn't know how it happened
Looking for Entrepreneurs in the 'Burgh
Where can I get a fur-lined leather jacket cleaned near Oakland?
Best and worst landlords in Shadyside, Bloomfield, East Liberty, Squirrel Hill, Highland Park, Morningside, and Regent Square
Did anyone else experience electricity brownouts last night?
snow this weekend
Hypnosis in Pittsburgh?
Do Port Authority buses take dollar coins?
So what did you guys think of the new Rick Sebak program "return to downtown pittsburgh?"
WESA Previews Infrastructure Projects Scheduled for 2016
Looking to reserve a basketball court once a week. Any good/cheap places?
Pick up / open volleyball court during the week?
Shepherd/Lab mix found on Mt. Washington
Best place for boneless skinless chicken breast
Why Pittsburgh is the best city I have ever been to!
I think Pittsburgh did OK - all things considered.
As a 28 yr I bought my first house 8 monthes ago in pittsburgh, heres a cool view out of my kitchen mid january!
[pittsburgh] My name is Linda! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
When is Duquesne light forbidden from turning off your power temp wise
Looking for a Wedding DJ
Anyone looking for tickets to Tracy Morgan at the Improv for Sunday at 9:30pm?
Local Pittsburgh bands discussion
"Fancy" restaurant request
Solutions for a dog with cabin fever
Casa Rasta - :( No cool Man!!! Responding to unhappy customers in a very rude and unprofessional way.
Love you, Pittsburgh
Tips on how to engage the Latino segment when marketing goods and services.
Area snow updates
Weekly Neighborhood Thread! Marshall-Shadeland!
In town for work - what to do?
Best Events in Pittsburgh?!?!?
Restaurants open for lunch on the 1st?
Dental Cleaning - Patients Needed
Anyone know a cheap parking lot on the North side for a monthly pass? Close to allegheny T stop or allegheny center
Police Chief Mistakes Movie Set For Real Murder Scene
Pittsburgh Bicentennial Gateway Festival Magazine of 1959
Book with a Pro for 2016!
Judgemental map of the city
Pointless Post
If you're out drinking tonight...
Brady St. Closed?
Can anyone recommend a good prenup lawyer?
Question on the Rex Theater.....
Trustworthy daycare for toddlers around PGH?
what are your favorite local food places around Pittsburgh?
Can anyone help identify a (possibly) Pittsburgh steel company logo?
Weekly Happenings 2016 Jan :: 01/04 - 01/10 ::
Found this awesome site with a boat load of trolley photos this morning...
Has anyone tried El Milagro in Beechview? Thoughts?
Allegiant Air to add route from Pittsburgh to Savannah, Ga.
love sports and sex. I am always online here 22
Pittsburgh emerges as a center of artificial intelligence
Josephine at 18th intersection will be redesigned
If you won, say, $650 million gambling, and you had to spend it all to make Pittsburgh better, what would you do?
Asking for a friend who is visiting, where is the best place to watch the Patriots game on Sunday in Pittsburgh?
Where's the state budget!!
Pittsburgh Retro Gaming Convention
Utilizing Console Energy Center for Flash Premiere
Winter weather advisory
This Pittsburgh Craigslist post made my day.
Seth Meyers on being an angry Steelers fan after their playoff loss
I'm tirеd оf it... i dо nоt want tо havе fun?
[pittsburgh] My name is KimberlyTran, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
Ben Tryc from Charlie Murdochs in South Side
Street sweeping in winter
FOUND!! Lost dog in Southside.
Activities for Niece (12) and Nephew (14) visiting Pittsburgh?
Searching for specific type of cafe
Construction on baum and liberty
Winter Wine Festival- January 30th
JKF Visits Pittsburgh
Governor Wolf declares state of emergency ahead of approaching winter storms.
Southside Soup Contest - Fun or Clusterf#ck?
Grad Student incoming to Pitt, where and when should I look for apartments?
Marriage License
3:45 left and Bengals Have ball on your 45 ... maybe next season our cities can chat during the next game ... if the bengals win ... nice.
looking for a place to live!
Pittsburgh chat rooms or kik?
Question about the Connect Card
Currently registered to vote in Crawford County. How do i change my voter registration to Allegheny?
Is (metered) street parking downtown free on the weekends?
Shadyside Hit and Run Updates + Pictures
Road Closures/Construction updates.
Roommate needed (separate rooms) - Squirrel Hill $400 plus electric - Feb 1st [no one is on /r/PittsburghList]
Endless Pizza / Brunch Buffet Officially Launches Today at Spirit Lounge in Lawrenceville (Noon-4pm)
Group of skyscrapers, Pittsburgh, ca. 1905.
This is probably a longshot
Day Care Options in the North Hills?
Are there any Fine Wines and Good Spirits around that stock specialty cocktail ingredients?
I have a question about health insurance networks.
Gardening Resources in Pittsburgh
Stable wifi on Pitt's campus?
Places open 1-1?
Someone hit by bus in Squirrel hill?
Lawrenceville man wins $1 million playing Powerball
I always get a kick out of seeing our city represented in major comic books.
2015 Make My Trip Count commuter survey infographic
Peduto gets mixed reviews on affordable-housing programs halfway through his first term
Pittsburgh chiropractor's Obituary: "in lieu of flowers, please do not vote for Donald Trump"
Sacrilege! Blasphemy! Heresy! Oh my! [x-post from /r/mildlyinteresting]
From 10 to Ben | Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Looking for things to do in Pittsburgh while underage
육룡이 나르샤 32회 다시보기 육룡이 나르샤 160119 토렌.트
Is the North Side a safe place to live?
Pittsburgh men's shelters
Taller Latino: Latinos working in Tech &amp; Media
Advocacy Group Residency Program Designed To Diversify Pittsburgh's Art Scene
It's never too cold..
Anyone else Downtown Pittsburgh have horrible internet through Comcast? What do I do?
Anyone know where i can find laserdiscs?
Leaving Pittsburgh - are there any similar cities?
Nonprofits or good causes hiring around Pittsburgh?
Christmas tree
Who did we piss off?
What to do while in Pittsburgh
City Council Committee Recommends Hospitals Enact $15 Minimum Wage
Merging onto the Liberty Bridge...
Cool, well done video about a proposed bike trail.
General Hospital, Pittsburg, North Side, 1908.
THIS SATURDAY: Strip District Music Festival ft. Lumariia, Velo, and Aperture Sound!! January 16th, free, 150+ Artists/bands
I Made It Mine- February 6th @ the Waterfront
International Blues Rocker Lazer Lloyd is playing Pittsburgh next Tuesday!
Decent place to catch the Steelers playoff game
The 2016 Millennial Trains Project starts journey in Pittsburgh. Info session Mon 2/1 at TechShop
Tomorrow night! UNLIMITED BOWLING - OPEN BAR - BASS MUSIC with Kamp Kokomo!
Pittsburgh sets plans to commemorate 200 years as a city
Vocelli Pizza owner buys Pittsburgh's Sincerely Yogurt chain
Is it hard to meet people around here?
Good luck to everyone tonight playing the Powerball
Looking for reputable and affordable contractor for home siding work and who to avoid...
Where to run in the winter?
State car inspection question: windshield crack?
Coming to your city soon - help me decide where to live?
Cyberpunk Pittsburgh Painting Commission Finished
Underground Pittsburgh: Explore our City of Tunnels
Port Authority police K-9 stabbed, killed, suspect shot
A trip Dahn Tahn I filmed with some friends
Finding parking in Pittsburgh to go digital
Moving to Pittsburgh with kids: where should we live?
Just bought a new house at the end of October and got a letter about applying for property tax relief. Should I apply or ignore?
Indoor pick-up sports?
Is the Carnegie Science Center worth going to?
Somebody made these shirts after the Kanye West - Wiz Khalifa beef
Squirrel Hill driver arrested after hitting woman, cars
I sure hope so dirty truck
Pokemon Symphonic Evolutions Tickets - $120
Student Research- Giant Eagle Survey
Worried about Pittsburgh Water?
William Penn Hwy is a joke right now.
Looking for real estate lawyer recommendations
Slugging in Pittsburgh?
Donald Cerrone will be headlining UFC event in Pittsburgh
Cupid's Undie Run 2/13. Big Party + Brief Run
Anybody have experience with C.S. Kim Karate?
Stay away from the Apple Inn in Dormont
DOG FOUND IN BLOOMFIELD
Final call for Uber / Lyft driver study (xpost /r/pitt)
Port Authority tweeted this earlier, explains a lot!
In First 2016 Visit, Mayor Peduto Weighs In On Police Residency And New Public Safety Director - Essential Pittsburgh
Hey Yo Go Bengals!
Ask (Pittsburgh) Reddit: What mediocre local shit is totally overrated?
Ice cream in Lawrenceville.
Looking for a sit down Pizza Hut in the Pittsburgh area.
A redditor was just hit-n-run in Shadyside. BOLO Dark blue Mazda Miata, damage to front driver's side indicator light
The new issue of Cook's Country has recipes for "Pittsburgh Pierogis" and Chipped-Chopped ham sandwiches
Looking for gym input (already searched and learned lots)
Idc what r/Pittsburgh says...
Who does hard drugs or any drugs around here?? :)
Beerfest tickets?
Student theater tickets
Anyone care to discuss and share their experiences with technology-related Pittsburgh Staffing Agencies
Place that fixes electronics (stereo receiver)
Game of Thrones: The Board Game players?
"Bird House" style boxes on old buildings
Why do most people settle?
Restaurant Week: Enjoy Pittsburgh's finest meals
Anyone else notice the ConnectCard has a Shelf Life?
Where can I find cheap self storage?
Weekly happenings idea?
This is NOT a Dating Site! Girls looking for a sex partners... FREE SIGN UP!
Man arrested after hitting woman, other vehicles with car in Squirrel Hill
What's in the box under the stairs in Gateway Station?
Philanthropist found dead in downtown alley - why is there not more attention on this?
Jim Ross of WWE fame is interested in being a Bucs broadcaster.
Wheatley hears footsteps in his quest for an eighth Statehouse term (19th PA House includes Hill District, Downtown, northern neighborhoods west of I-279, and reaches into Hazelwood and Glen Hazel, Allentown, other “hilltop” areas)
Red line is now up.
Billy Joel tickets
Pens ticket for my girlfriend?
Weekly Happenings 2016 Jan :: 01/11 - 01/17 ::
Any art spaces available?
Macy's developer looks to purchase former Iron City Brewery property in Lawrenceville
Marty's Market in the Strip District is closing
Oil "Bomb" Train Decoupled in Oakland
Help my buddies Dad who has helped many
Pittsburgh Public Market losing its lease?
Last minute Pens tickets.
Lost my wallet in dormont, if anyone has seen it i really need it back.
I'm now okay with Mario's being a Bills hangout.
Pittsburgh is getting some "love" on /r/AskReddit
Seasonal Camping (Trailer)
Watercolor and/or trash polka tattoo artists in the area?
Advice on gyms in East End
A Conversation with Monique W. Morris, author of Pushout: The Criminalization of Black Girls in Schools (March 9)
Saturday Diary: I love Pittsburgh, except for the things I hate
Two arrests made in Beaver County music video shoot gone bad
Did you lose a flash drive in Squirrel Hill on 1/9/16?
Biggest change in Pittsburgh in last 32 years?
What's with the people in Zippy's (Brookline) trying to sell steaks and produce to the patrons??
Cab/Uber/Bus drivers of Pittsburgh; if you could live in any city neighborhood, which would you choose?
Restaurants W/ Healthy Menu Options
Any professional-Wikipedia editors out there?
Any Pittsburgh area teachers? Question about subbing.
Tiny House For Sale In Garfield, But Others Will Face Hurdles
[pittsburgh] My name is Ebony. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Judge orders Pittsburgh fiscal watchdog to release spending documents
Biggest WebSite Online! ) Find Your Girls for sex! my nai
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for pittsburgh
Legislators pass budgets more swiftly if there's fallout, review finds
[pittsburgh] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Baseball Information
Legend Tripping Sites around Pittsburgh?
Century III Mall owners seem willing to go down with the ship
Kamp Kokomo presents BASS GENESIS II: 10 Hour EDM Rave Party! Free Body Painting! Free Red Bull! Free Bacon n Eggs! Heated Outdoor Shelter! Akron Ohio
Come Aboard and Enjoy the BEST Pittsburgh Sightseeing Tour!
The storm stranded Guster in Pittsburgh so they played an impromptu, outdoor acoustic set for 10 people and 2 dogs on the North Side
Mayor John Fetterman of Braddock will be on The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore this Thurs. 1/14
How Do Other States Handle A Budget Impasse? (Essential Pittsburgh discusses PA's budget impasse at length including some discussion of what other states have in place to prevent it)
The most awesome Steelers song
Do you eat at China Buffet / China Garden on Penn Ave? Health code violations... might want to watch out...
Missing Cat - Coraopolis
Pittsburgh composting
How bad can I expect traffic in between Philly and Pitt to be next Friday around 2PM?
Can anyone recommend a good Endodontist for a root canal?
When did this start? How does WPJ get away with this criminal enterprise?
Zaw's Asian Food in Squirrel Hill closes tonight
Court Restores Mandate That Police Live Within Pittsburgh
Ask (pittsburgh Reddit: What is the one local made product everyone needs to know about?
2016 should be a great year around town!
Cheap apartment complexes
Places to go near Bellevue that aren't packed?
Anyone know of nice inexpensive restaurants downtown?
[pittsburgh] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Toy thefts from East Hills community center three days before Christmas never happened
Everyone be careful tonight
Please don't hate me. I come in peace.
How police use of force policies help to enable police violence. #policeviolence #CampaignZero
Dating WebSite Online! Find Your Girls to night! my asn
Democratic Debate Watch Party 8pm 1/17 @ Spirit Hall - Come Meet Mayor Fetterman!
Seriously guys, it hasn't even really snowed yet.
Facebook is opening an Oculus research office in Pittsburgh
Seth Myers describes what it's like watching the Steelers lose in the playoffs
Westmoreland DMV--location?
Looking for professors that do cool things on the side in the area
Looking for transportation to Cannonsburg
Police: Theft of Christmas toys from East Hills center never happened
Werner Herzog reveals new documentary about robotics in Pittsburgh
Photo comparison of houses in Spring Garden, maybe ~1970s to 2016.
Osprey swing-wing aircraft just flew up the Mon!
Pittsburgh Firefighter describes near-death rescue and escape from house
Most cost effective eye exam in Pittsburgh
Who wants to learn how to ski?
Weekly Neighborhood Thread! Manchester!
Where can I get a desk lamp fixed?
In Pittsburgh, neighborhood violence lives next door to prosperity
Does anyone know of a decent mechanic in the South Hills who doesn't charge too much for services? Not limited to shops, can be "a guy or gal".
Alan Rickman's passing reminded me...
Careful out there, roads are deceptively bad right now.
Snowing pretty good right now
Looking for small, local businesses interested in having video work done!
[PSA] It's snowing...
[SERIOUS] What questions do you have about recycling in Pittsburgh?
Hang on...It's coming.
Fur baby just got diagnosed with bone cancer in the leg, may amputate...do you know of an inexpensive vet? Does the vet school do cheap surgery?
Port Authority to Eliminate Zones, Reduce Fares for ConnectCard Users, Implement Pay-As-You-Board Policy
Ticket to Lamb of God and Anthrax for sale?
Weekend Food Under $5 or $10
Why was the Red Line down today?
Electric Providers
How's T-Mobile/Sprint coverage in Pitt? Thinking of switching from Verizon
General view, Highland Park, Pittsburgh, ca. 1905. The park was founded in 1889, and opened in 1893 after Pittsburgh Director of Public Works, Edward Bigelow, spent more than $900,000 in city funds to buy the land, parcel by parcel, from farmers.
Transit App Allows Real Time Tracking Of Port Authority Buses
Hulton Bridge Implosion - 10 second GIF
You sir, win at traffic. (This morning)
Reminder: All trash and Recycling shifted back one day this week.
What churches offer an orthodox Christmas Eve or Christmas service?
A redditor was just assaulted in Bloomfield BOLO black male blue puffy pantagonia vest
Help! Restaurant for Birthday Dinner
Do you think there is any hope for Clairton?
Paczki downtown (or delivery)?
Straw bale or earthbag home construction?
Looking for a shotgun range in the pittsburgh area
Transit options to Seven Springs
Shadyside History - Then: Christopher Zug’s House, Now: Giant Eagle Market District
It's true: you can actually freeze your pants off.
This is Bur-fect
You get a drug test, and you get a drug test, and, well, not you, you're a Pittsburgh cop...
What does it mean to be a Pittsburgh Latino?
MORE AFC WILD CARD - PITTSBURGH STEELERS BEAT CINCINNATI BENGALS 18-16
PCP / Doctor Recommendations?
Good bars for 21st Birthday
Visiting Pittsburgh, Looking for Pickup Hockey
Moving to PGH semi-soon, and no idea what neighborhood to live in.
Furnace Stopped Working, So That's Awesome
Cool Springs Flag Football League
Weekly Neighbrhood Thread! Lincoln Place!
This winter storm is tearing Peggy Finnegan to pieces.
Food truck roundup at Coffee Buddha, Saturday 11:30AM-4PM
I've herd of the parking cone, but not the parking Bath Tub... Witnessed in Oakland
Verizon LTE speeds have been very slow in Pittsburgh. Is something wrong?
Self proclaimed: pope yinzer
When (not if) Pittsburgh pops, how can we keep its mix?
Golden babies spotted! Are there more?
What kind of helicopter just flew through downtown?
The demon of Brownsville Rd
Medovukha in Pittsburgh?
Summerhill? Good neighborhood even though it's close to Northview Heights?
Wed. Feb. 10 - Custom Street Sign Workshop at TechShop
Okay, who here is a member?
Another blow to Century III Mall: Macy's location is closing
Billy Joel expected to play in Pittsburgh in 2016
Beautiful West End Sunrise from a year ago
Strip District
Wermner Herzog is documenting robotics industry in Pittsburgh
Can anyone recommend a Pittsburgh DUI lawyer?
Help me choose a neighborhood to live!
Helicopter Plane hybrid thing
Look for a chill bar to meet single women (30-40yo)
I'm in need of a care taker.
How did the construction company building that monstrosity at Forbes and Craft get permission to close two lanes?!
Steelers 18 Bengals 16
New film screening series Allegheny Talking Docubox Starts This Thursday at PCTV21
Highmark Stage set up time-lapse. New Years Eve 2015. Who saw The Wailers play?!
A fun look at the Dirty Dozen bike ride
[pittsburgh] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:gatisnaagooaal
I need ideas for some iconic Pittsburgh things to send to a homesick friend/yinzer.
My thoughts as I was walking outside in the 0 degree wind chill today.
We we go baby! FLIXBURGH is ready for the game, are you!?
Recommendations for a temp agency in Pittsburgh?
Any "Anger Rooms" in Pittsburgh?
Southside Soup Contest - Fun or Too Crowded?
Hockey jersey repair - where to go?
Rental property owners contest "source of income" discrimination rule
Blame Americans for the weak presidential candidates
Frontier Airlines returning to PIT - nonstop to Denver, Atlanta, O'Hare, Las Vegas, Orlando
TPP trade deal pits Pittsburgh against Philadelphia
Something about this snow coming down makes me want to have my mouth on someone....
Help! Does anybody know where I can buy these multicolored pens locally? Kid birthday emergency
What store between Robinson and canonsburg has an abundance of drawer knobs or pull.
Does anyone know of a decent mechanic in the South Hills who doesn't charge too much? It can be "some guy or girl you know"
Volunteer 'Snow Angels' needed in Pittsburgh, Allegheny County
Dog Visiting for 4 days?
Looking for someone to meet up tonight and fool around with me for people watching us online, for fun
Ask (Pittsburgh) Reddit: What is the one local made product everyone needs to know about?
Who wants to go skiing at Hidden Valley this weekend?
Kombucha Anarchy
Why was my post deleted?
Pittsburgh Police FOP lump all Muslim refugees into one category with sketchy retweets...SexyPatriot and ICE...
USW to try to organize Pitt faculty, grad students
What Are Pittsburghers More Likely To Order?
Red Line service is being restored.
Dudes, if you are free tonight, you need to check this, unmarried woman looking flirt oasaga
The Pittsburgh Song!
Looking for a place to live.
E Street Band in Pittsburgh??
Pittsburgh FOP lumps Muslims into one category with sketchy retweets...SexyPatriot and ICE...
Land trust will help low-income residents purchase homes in Lawrenceville: “We want to work to ensure security and stability in the neighborhood.”
Like ridiculous puppet shows with a metal/punk background? Green Jellÿ is coming to Spirit in April.
Grit &amp; Grace changes course, goes casual with expanded noodle dishes
Shady South Side "Burger King" Offers New Spicy Ant-Burger
Working to promote a local beauty brand. Any suggestions?
Advice on Coraopolis
store that sells little plastic toys/useless nicknacks?
Porcelain veneers
I am looking to get my golf clubs fitted, anyone have a recommendation for who to go to in the area?
Man Accused Of Running Down Officer, Taking Police On Wild Chase [That shirt.]
Legality of denying housing? (Sterling Land Company)
Two Free Wilco Tickets
Wedding welcome event for ~50 people - suggestions?
If anyone is interested in Buddhism in Pittsburgh (Nichiren sect)
Mongolian Beef comparable to Zaw's (RIP) ?
Where to sell a bike?
Bruce Springsteen opened his 2016 tour in Pittsburgh Saturday night. He stopped the show at one point to pay tribute to David Bowie. What followed was an incredible cover of Rebel Rebel.
Red Line to be shutdown for 6 months through Beechview.
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [pittsburgh]
Legacy of the Daily News in McKeesport as it closes after 131 years- Video
Survey: Many Pittsburgh commuters use vehicle, light rail and bus
Does anyone know of a good professional furniture repair/refinishing service?
Speaking of malls closing, anyone else remember the "mall" that was in the building now housing the Bethel Park Home Depot/Office Depot/Burlington/Michael's/Kohl's/etc?
In Home Yoga Instruction
Retailer for Mens work clothes (blue collar)
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my sss
What are some ironically Pittsburgh things I could ship to a homesick friend out of state?
Best place to watch the CFB Championship tomorrow night??
Are you going to Cincinnati for the game? Park in Covington, Kentucky!
Winter Weather Advisory 1/22
Unnatural Pittsburgh Presents Divest Pittsburgh this Saturday at Black Forge!
Winter Weather Advisory 1/21
Any David Bowie tributes?
Typical Pens fan
Keep it classy north side NSFW
TIL Maya Rudolph's Ancestor Was a Founding Member of Beth Shalom in Sq. Hill
I'm a native Pittsburgh videographer. Shot this whole video here!
SWPA/Mon Valley exercise class question?
Any Walmart's closing in Pittsburgh?
Where to watch the State of the Union address tonight?
Pittsburgh pharmacies who will fill the treaded S (or her generic equivalents)?
Sun 1/31 - LECTURE: History of Albright (109-year-old) Church in Bloomfield
The Bridgeville police departments traffic update today
Pittsburgh City Council Preliminarily Votes to Legalize Bike Riding on Wooded Trails in City-owned Parks
The bill to decriminalize marijuana in Pittsburgh has passed!
Help a local out, buy my game (I'm also giving away 50 copies)
Visiting Pittsburgh, looking for offbeat stuff to do.
Ask (Pittsburgh)Reddit: How do you feel about Giant Eagle?
Planning a weekend getaway with my SO Valentine's Day weekend. Any tips or suggestions of stuff to do/eat/stay at?
Who are Pittsburgh's Unsung Heroes? (Link in post)
Steeltown, USA
John Fetterman is a Pittsburgh guy, but Mayor Peduto, Rich Fitzgerald and the city council has endorsed Katie McGinty. Why?
Diamond National Bank and Wabash terminal, Pittsburgh, ca. 1905.
Anyone know why an Osprey just flew around downtown?
Out of State --&gt; PA license question.
PSL Dodgeball anyone interested?
Renewing license with the AAA notary service.
Help finding a non-religious venue for a wedding ceremony only.
