Where Can I Olympic Lift in Portland? (X-Post from r/weightlifting)
Downtown hair salons
Final Amazon Prime Now Update re driver pay
How worried should I be about being pulled over/ charged with DUI for weed in Portland?
Any Aaron Swartz Remembrance Events in Portland Tonight?
(Longshot) find an old satchel in the trash?
At least 3 Vancouver cars vandalized overnight
Micro Apartments in Portland - 150 square feet OR LESS
Not sure if I can post this here, but I saw these guys at Curious Comedy Theater last night &amp; their recent videos seem relevant here...
Pretty sure this is not a car...
Racist Beaverton guy fired from job today
Portland's latest transplants
Came out from work to this. Really?
Free Alaska Airlines Voucher for 50% off *must use before midnight
Ice Sickle Drip
DeFazio: Anybody Home at the Justice Department?
Portland Tilikum Bridge Panorama Taken Last Night. [OC] [8086x3165]
Minnesota-based Sun Country airlines to begin $276 roundtrips between PDX and MSP this June (x-post R/Minneapolis)
Found some lost keys on Hawthorne near Eight Women!! Who do they belong to??
Customers at both Park Kitchen and Bent Brick restaurants will no longer leave a tip as both establishments move to European styled "one house" system. Hopefully this sensible, rational and fair approach will become the norm in Portland.
RIP Snow. Hello Ice. (Brooklyn)
Really PDX? Who goes on OKCupid to scold people?
Tree breaking due to snow
Seattle's Bike Share Pretty much a failure, wonder if Portland's will be?
Watch the last Malheur folks post their videos via youtuber DefendYourBase - think Thanksgiving dinner talk / conservative family facebook feed...
Portland Bars Where You Can Bring Kids
5 HOUR EARLY RANT
Has anyone in here worked with Jukin Media?
Muelher Occupation: Are The Dildos Still There?
Winterhawk ticket questions, please help!
Thieves are the worst parallel parkers
Brian Wilson pre-sale password
Quick question about rental law
Restaurant tips?
Weird 'tag' left on my car along with scratch
Dental Care at OHSU School of Dentistry
How bad are the roads right now?
Onry Ozzborns DUO Film Premiere w/ Live Performances from Kimya Dawson, Grayskul, Rob Sonic, and more.
Portland Lead National Decline of Rental Vacancy Rates
Airbnb opens engineering center in Portland, first outside of San Francisco
4,000 artifacts stored at Oregon refuge held by armed group
Mt. Hood has now had more snow this season than the entire last season.
Malheur livestream. Militants heard complaining about "Reddit trolls". Keep up the good work!
Are there any Portland metro area brewpubs/bars who press cans for take home growlers?
Hackers attack BBC sites
Nike brings BIKETOWN to Portland
Confirmed, snowing in the Pearl
Here's our feature on Purringtons Cat Lounge, Portland's Cat Cafe on MLK.
'Poopmaster 6000' Helping Clean Up Portland?
Homeless camp under 205 overpass on foster cleared out by police and local inmates under sheriff's supervision.
PSA: There may be an auto purchasing fraud ring operating in the area
Dog days are not over
Awesome video I came across of a dude exploring the Pacific Northwest
Steve the pizza guy fired from the downtown Whole Foods.
/r/Portland is 3rd largest city sub per capita!
Wavy/Curly hair stylist that can add texture portland oregon?
BLM march on MLK...
"Poncho" Lost Dog In St. Johns - Please Upvote for Visibility
x-files premeire
To a young woman named Lynsee: your bag is having a sleepover at Coffeehouse 5.
PSA: motor vehicle movement is now officially restricted on SE Clinton at 17th and 32nd
PSA: need an activity with kids today? Check out the Oregon Symphony Kids Concert. Inexpensive, fun, and exposure to wonderful music.
Play Guild Wars 2? Join our local guild!
TriMet Max Overtime
Take out places open late on nye?
Very⛄ serious question: is there enough snow yet to sled on Tabor!???❄
Why the fuck is lincoln hall locked?
Interesting Comcast Experience
Portland: People helping people
Question about snow and the law...
Best Scotch Egg?
What're some of the best places to have a kid's B-Day party in Portland, that are reasonably priced?
Rent Hikes Are Coming To An End Across the U.S.—But Not In Portland - by. R. Monahan
Anyone missing a black Toyota Camry?
Who is Mr. Tibbs? Seen in North Park Blocks.
Hurry Plaid Pantry has the hook up!
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..alaa
A Guide to the Unreleased Elliott Smith Songs on the Heaven Adores You Soundtrack
Secretary of state to combat Oregon's shell company problem - she wants to develop a comprehensive bill for consideration by the 2017 Legislature.
Kingston Building, W Burnside and 20th, Last Night
Portland area average tech salary is $100k, up 22% from 2011 according to Dice salary survey (need to click into the Portland dot)
My fort on Lombard
The Portland Cat Rapper needs more love!
Great/Silly Portland Promo Video!!
Currently snowing in Salem, and it's headed this way.
At Wayfinder Beer, founders of Double Mountain, Sizzle Pie, Podnah's Pit join forces
PSA: No Pants Max Ride today at 2 p.m.
I miss you so...
MRW it snows in Portland
A guy broadcasts out his window on Periscope for 3 hours overlooking an intersection on a slope. The fun really starts at the 2 hour 5 minute mark.
Looks like we are now in for a bunch of freezing rain. Stay Safe.
Trapped Inside Malheur Refuge, Militants Desperate For Way Out (interview with militants, it's amazing how delusional he is)
Is anyone having an issue with internet from Comcast lately?
Back when the INN caught fire from an RV pulling in
coach Stotts pooped a little play into magic!!
Foster Auto Parts accused of union busting and other unfair labor practices; given 14-day ultimatum by former employee and Portland Solidarity Network
FOUND: dog outside 7/11 in Milwaukie - maybe collie mix?
Snow Hawthorne Bridge
Intel Employees: What is your job title, grade, and salary range?
Since you're no doubt wondering,
Halps! My village is on wood!Undo! Undo!
thanks for the f shack
Internet Service Providers are Unavailable or Unacceptable
Any info on a good Portland area Subaru dealer?
I'm a high school senior living in Beaverton and I just turned 18 years old. Which bank/credit union should I join? Simple? Unitus? Advantis? First Tech? Others?
It's a long shot but...
Have you seen the new bus shelters?
Work just issued a "Come in anyway" demand for employees.
Timberline Trail is being reconnected after almost 10 years of wash out near Eliot Glacier
Highest Paying Jobs In Portland Area
Whiteness awareness at PCC
Oregon brothers start "G.O.H.O.M.E." group in effort to turn Malheur occupation against itself.
Kate Brown minimum wage plan: $15.52 for Portland area — $13.50 everywhere else
Another armed group arrives wildlife refuge occupation
I want my two dollars!
Lost dog in sellwood. Chihuahua dachshund mix.
Goodbye, Carrie.
It's been an interesting day in Portland, as viewed through @pdxalerts...
upright bassist Looking for guitarist for rock n roll group
Reddit! Can you help us Canadian wedding photographers us find a wedding/couple to shoot for free in Oregon?
Anyone going to the Blazers game tomorrow, and not interested in the Alaska Air offer?
2 extra tickets to daughter at the wonder?
I shouldn't have to inform people of very basic driving rules during my commute
Does anyone know what Happened up by PCC Sylvania/Mountain Park last night?
Seinfeld Trivia Night
Cartoon Network Game Jam
Super Smash Bros 64
I'm an appliance delivery man currently working during SNOWPOCALYPSE 2016! AMA
New landlord asked for credit and background check but now wants social security number. Is this normal?
Completely unrelated to snow - Cuba anyone?
Looking for a drummer
Lost dog in Hillsboro
A Clark County politician writes an anti-evolution poem on his facebook page.
Remaining Oregon protesters issue death threats: 'This is a free-for-all Armageddon'
Lawyer Marisha Childs Joins Race for Commissioner Jules Bailey’s Multnomah County Seat
Our cat is missing! Please help us find her! PM me if you do, there's a $500 reward!
Elliot Smith...unheard music released &lt;3
Portland longshore workers paid $1.2 million to not work at Port of Portland
Listen to What's This Called? on KPSU, for some of PDX's most innovative and eclectic programming. Starts in 18 minutes!
Participation, not stewardship
Showers Pass invents waterproof socks.
A Magazine About Small Intentional Gatherings. In this Issue Portland meets Burns
Oracle Tries To Kill Website Suit w/ State of Oregon.
there's a brick with David Bowie's name on it in Pioneer Square
From the Portland Police Instagram...
PSA: Oregon Primary's are "closed". This means you can't vote in them unless registered as that party. Primaries are in May. Check your registration here.
Portland's 10 best bookstores
Snowpocalypse 2016 has begun
Oregon militant challenges Chris Christie to sumo wrestling to end standoff [video]
Cool idea, Freddie's.
Green Zebra announces store plans for 50th &amp; Division + more apartments + what about the food carts?
Waste management garbage pick up delayed by one day this week
Selling my Vintage 1990s Gibson Les Paul Studio Electric Guitar
Anyone know where this cafe is/is called?
Im looking into moving to portland to study music, what schools should i look at?
I bought Powerball tickets at a Plaid Pantry in SE and didn't win.
Favorite fabric store?
I ordered the Bundy militia a Qur'an...
Any atheists out there enjoying this snow?
Found Keys Near McLoughlin &amp; Harold / SE 22nd
Any Portland Podcasters out there?
Lagunitas coming to Portland?
Detour Cafe to close after 15 years in business (link to facebook page)
Environmentalists and Power Companies Reached an Important—and Surprising—Agreement They Both Hate Coal!
Beautiful Day on Sauvie Island!
This could explain why we're #5 in Syphilis cases...
For Now, Law Enforcement And Militants Won't Cross Tracks
Portland Marijuana Investor Forum Feb 2nd
These Photos by a Portland Native 100 years ago Inspired The Creation Of That Occupied Oregon Refuge
Please don't drive without chains or something
No snow in PDX!
Would it be a good idea to visit this weekend?
An open letter to Portland car thieves..
Any long term Dutch Bros. Employees interested in franchising?
Hey Good Looking, (yes, you!), whatchu got cooking? How about cooking something up with me?
Looking for someone to jam with.
Tell me about how much the Portland dating scene sucks
Notes from a Centennial Mills forum
Lost Fluffy Grey Cat SW Vermont Street @ SW 65th
My buddy's first Mt. Hood Summit last spring
Can you name the bar where this is located?
Oregon Spends Nearly Four Times More on Incarceration than Higher Education
Beavertron was brutally hit by snowpocalypse 2k16
Oregon and Portland school closures and delays (this is where you look)
We Urge the McCormick Pier Condo Association to Peacefully End its Occupation of the Naito Greenway (warning: written by Martin Cizmar)
Cape Lookout State Park is a chill place to kick it
McCormick Pier Portion of Waterfront Greenway Closed by Homeowners Due to Vagrancy - Mayor Incensed!
(Xpost from /r/enoughlibertarianspam) I Stand with Linda Sue Beck: the Attack on Science at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge
Missing car (still) details in comments
Guy pranks cops 41 times?!?
J. Merkley - Transparency for LGBT students at schools seeking religious exemptions.
The Oregon Zoo
If you win the Powerball in OR, it will net you about $100 million less than winning in WA or CA
Song of the day! Please leave a good comment.
Any HAM radio operators here?
Extra ticket to book of morman tonight(1/14)
Please take a minute to listen to these bands and vote, it is a close race and would mean a great deal to the scene
The first snow...
Heading up north to you guys for a few days
Fellow debate watchers: if you plan to order in tomorrow, save $10 on food with code EATNOW10 on Amazon's Prime Now app [amazon.com/primenow]. I'll be sending the $10 to Bernie's campaign instead! :)
‘Belmont Records’ Building, 127 Years Old, to Be Torn Down
How do homeless campers get away with posting up in zoned parking spots for long periods of time?
[Serious] With Hanna being in the news, has anyone ever actually had their leased pet repossessed?
Can someone recommend me a good electrician/person that can fix a couple lights?
Modest Mouse/Brand New Presale
The Fighter and the Kid @ Aladdin Theater 1/8
Trying to find Bird's Custard Powder
Good Samaritans detain suspect who assaulted his girlfriend at Walmart
Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016
"Headline on Malheur occupation is inaccurate, irresponsible." Ursula K Le Guin calls out Oregonian coverage of the Bundys
Checking in on what Portland has done to achieve goals in addressing housing state of emergency.
Lost White Wire Haired Terrier Mix
LA: Is the transit ridership slump permanent
Columbia River Gorge Transit Study Survey (Portland &gt; Gorge Shuttle)
Good Food Here II: New Food Here
No shortage of wisenheimers in Portland.
SAD is a real threat here, guys. Stay vigilant.
Two NW Portland restaurants to eliminate tipping, raise prices 18%, and train all employees at all roles
Look at what the Portland City Council Twitter feed retweeted.
Never knew trimet was so hip
Portland's new logo
I absolutely love Portland, but every time I visit, I always end up hearing or witnessing something absolutely awful and depressing about the place or its immediate surroundings. Would you say I'm having an unusual bad luck about Portland, or would you say its kind of normal?
For a mere 400 dollars a month, you can have your very own sectioned off curtain room!
Travelling to Portland in March, need help.
Help me, Portland!
Looking to get another tat. Need some suggestions
So, when's everyone getting back on their bikes?
Mammoth bones found in OSU Beaver Construction site
Anyone else getting slow video streaming with Frontier FIOS lately?
Anybody here own a Brewery-Public House?
Best things in Forest Park?
SLEETAGEDDON Mega Thread.
If you left you car out over night and there is ice on your roof and hood....
4th Ave Downtown is still pretty icy @ 8:45am
People with open containers of alcohol exiting Lyft / Uber vehicles
Does anyone know where I can sell a rare PC game? Ever17: The out of infinity
PSU Isn't Making Friends With Its Bold Plan to Fund Scholarships
Apartment rents surged 5% in the fourth quarter
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my asa
1962 anti-porn movie thought to be lost forever found at Ore. Historical Society
A shitty situation (literally) for XRAY FM's Carl Wolfson
Make good on the resolution: The Olive running calendar.
Candidate for Congress Seth Allan endorsed by Sweet Cakes owners
Ex-Blazers beat writer details alleged racial profiling by Portland Police
Portland finds that regional government is more successful than local
Bundy militia gets tired of waiting for donations, drives to Safeway, promptly gets arrested
MISSING: since New Years Eve. He is 6'0" h and eyes = brown. Please held find my friend.
Not in Portland, but local metal fans should check this lineup for Migration Fest in Olympia this August.
As Moda rebuilds, possible downsizing looms
[MetaPortland]My ex - whore, nickname: Samantha118. Search can be restered
PSA: Don't try SW Scholls Ferry between Patton and 26, currently blocked
Man steals snake from Portland pet store by stuffing it down his pants
offer: Nathaniel Rateliff tickets
The Asteroid problem in Portland is getting out of hand
Goodbye Interstate Lanes. Hello you know who...
Downtown Snow Parking
My big-dicked father was just mugged at 37th and Couch. Any witnesses?
anywhere i can get a relatively cheap bonsai plant?
Anybody notice a change in Dave's Killer Bread since Wondabread bought them? Anybody on the inside know the straight dope on any changes in production?
Jonsrud Viewpoint sunset.
In a Tiny House Village, Portland's Homeless Find Dignity
Stark contrast
When do Portlanders get in the most accidents? The answer won't surprise you, but I wrote about it anyway
OK... Longshot. Anyone here remember a small gift shop on Scholls Ferry Rd. called "Tickled Pink"? (Raleigh Hills area, SW Portland) It closed down, roughly 20-25 years ago. I'm looking for the value of a few items I may or may not have bought there.
Best Money Tips for 2016 at any age- Official
These people lost their dog on the Lake Trillium trail!
Dr. Demento is at Reed College this Thursday, Friday and Saturday giving lectures on Music.
Oregon Women Are About to Have the Best Access to Birth Control in the Country
Ten reasons you shouldn't move to Oregon.
So Someone on Askportland Was Wondering About Local Kite Flying. It Reminded Me Of The Best Available Portland-Based Kite Flying Resource EVAR
Pretty lucky to live across from Brentwood City Park. Pretty lovely view.
Meanwhile in Harney County... (X-Post from/r/Murica)
Portland City Council wants to appeal federal judge's ban on excluding people from future council meetings
Cops at Transit centers
Need advice on a nice apartment in Downtown Portland
has now sent the Oregon militia 55 gallons of lube to go with their dildos.
Couv dude tries to join the I got shot club
Found cat - Sunnyside
Is it legal in Oregon to record a conversation without the other parties' consent?
I believe this is the live feed from Burns
Crap. I have to be somewhere.
Can someone take a really good picture of the moon tonight and send it to me?
You need to give a few good presents from Portland and the NW to out of state family. What do you give?
Where is the most dry dog park?
Anybody interested in helping with Hobofinder.com?
Any sort of Bowie remembrance things happening?
The Hottest Weight Loss Solution! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion!
The friendly phonebooth on SW Taylor and 14th...
"What percentage comes back to those who play the Lotteries? No white man knows"- from The Oregonian's 1935 front page article "John Chinaman's Jack-in-the-box"
Sketches show 2 suspects in violent Portland stabbing and beating
What do you guys think of the Squatch lineup? (recommendations about the fine print welcome)
Front Ave. sewer construction, 1928
City gives into ODOT demands to possibly remove bike lanes from SE 26th Ave in near future.
Congressman Blumenauer's take on the situation in Malheur County is perfect, in my opinion.
Willamette Week introduces Civil Comments, a partnership with a local startup to improve news comments (Finally!)
Amon Bundy arrested
#bundyeroticfanfic is trending on Twitter thanks to The Decemberists' Colin Meloy.
$550/month Room in SE Portland for Rent
Homeless and car theft issue: kill two birds with one stone.
Hey Portland, I'm playing DJ at Angelo's @ 47th &amp; Hawthorne again tonight!
My very unhappy experience with Fairhaven substance abuse treatment
If you're at a stoplight and you see a pedestrian crossing legally...
Improv classes: Brody or Curious?
DEAR PORTLAND: January 11, 2016 WEEKLY RANT THREAD
Want to make a futon? I know you do.
Is there a banana meetup this month?
Hey Portland, want to help me out with an zine art project I'm working on?
Seeking public spaces to host phone banks for Bernie Sanders
Double Rainbow!
State Says Moda Doesn't Have Enough Money To Continue Operating
I took a photo of the St. Johns bridge while making a "fire sphere"
Beautiful Street Art
Street Harassment; Or, Is That A Dick I See Out of the Corner of My Eye?
In one month, Metro will decide whether to use light rail or bus rapid transit in the southwest corridor, and how to connect it to PCC. Here's a survey where you can tell them your preferences.
PPS boundary review may hit schools’ bottom lines as wealthy parents delay Ainsworth fundraiser.
So..what are YOUR plans for this fine weekend?
Does anyone know where this bridge is?
Militants Plow New Roads At Refuge, Possibly Damaging Artifacts
Two Sunni Mosques Bombed
Clackamas county swat incident in progress.
FBI: Oregon occupying group had explosives, night vision goggles; 3 more arrested
Real snow in Portland
Portland Police Seek Public Input for 30 Days on New Policies
U.S. Cities are Segregating the Wealthy
Valentines day weekend - any good couples massage places out there?
Militia invading the State of Oregon
CenturyLink Fiber 1Gig experiences in SE Hawthorne
Police incident map
I'm sad but also kind of happy that our most popular front page post is a story about car theft
Recommendations for a pinup tattoo artist
Does anybody else have problems with specific panhandlers?
Authentic Turkish Coffee in PDX?
Data Exploration Tech: Sign up now to snag 1-year access for FREE!
Like the Winters of yore
Someone needs set up a bait bike like this here.
Portlanders came out by the hundreds to stand up against Bundy and fight for public lands.
[Portland] Katherine Miller - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
15yo JH OU Homage
Clackamas County leads the state in marijuana farmers eager for state licenses, Multnomah County for retailers.
This better not be *you* /r/portland
Portland's new logo
24 hours 25 cents - That is our guarantee to you the art consumer
Cylvia Hayes gets journalism job
First arrest of a Malheur terrorist
W Burnside Street near NW King Avenue, looking west, July 5, 1967. Love the Ringside Sign...
Oregon police arrest DUI suspect, man says he's standoff bound and 'will kill all of you'
Flying out of PDX this afternoon.
Police activity on NE 33rd and Alberta
Sword Combat Sport here in Portland! [video]
Trip to Oregon, Lost!
David Cross tickets
Going out in Portland for new years sucks.
yo where to get a snuggie?
FYI - Beaverton PD launched a no-refusal policy that instructs officers to call a city judge at any hour asking for a search warrant to take a sample of the unwilling driver’s blood.... resulting in blood draws in every case during the program’s opening months. “We haven’t missed a judge yet,”
State regulators taking over partial control of Moda Health.
I spent 4 days out at Malheur photographing the armed occupation. Here is a wide gallery that Time Lightbox didn't feature
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:daindddlsnlggltaiaadlti
I drove to PDX this weekend just for the International Cat Show and it was amazing
New Job for Former First Lady Cylvia Hayes
Police identify 84-year-old woman struck, killed by SUV in SE Portland crosswalk
Good day for a hike.
Blast from the past: Kelly Butte Civil Defense Center
Levoy Finicum shot and killed while charging police, driver says
1987 news report when David Bowie came to Portland
IS attack in Baghdad kills at least 12
Portland snow day from the air.
Be careful out there, I saw an AT-AT walker crashed on Alberta
Hundreds weigh in on Vancouver oil terminal
Portland Legislator Outlines Proposals for Renter Protections
OregonLive turned into a softcore porn site so gradually I didn't even notice
it's an attack
Oregon's 31st Annual Asian Celebration! Coming February 20th - 21st to Eugene, OR
Armed militia take over federal building in Oregon
Bundy Occupation Security Chief Ryan Payne: It’s Legal To Kill A Cop Who’s “Unlawfully Trying to Arrest You”
Looking to do a photo shoot tomorrow...does anyone have access to a good roof?
Why I live in Portland, Oregon [Because; Mt Hood]
I flip on the news for 2 seconds...
3 Reasons to Attend DispensaryNext Conference &amp; Expo this February 1 &amp; 2 in Portland, OR
Stolen car! '96 Honda Accord, beige, license plate 103 BFH.
Snow on Marquam Hill 8 am
If this is your stolen Benz...
Some pictures of last night's ice storm from around my neighborhood this morning
Visiting soon!
Lewis &amp; Clark College Students Raising Funds for Volunteer Trip (non-profit)
It's official. I'm becoming a bitter nativist. Who do I pay for my dues card?
Volunteer organizations that help with homeless youth?
Kicker rebate and Unemployment payments
The best cat in Oregon needs you!
Ross Island Bridge Saturday night
What is a good dating sit for Portland?
Looking for green roof edging
Any tire shop recommendation?
Advice for a neighbor?
Portland isn't affordable to live in anymore? Your research?
Join us tonight for the 3 year anniversary of gaming at MFP! [1/13]
non-profit looking for Portland screen printing/t-shirt suggestions
Did you return a tan/olive North Face jacket to the Clackamas REI? Read this!
road conditions &amp; car accidents - liability, who covers what?
One of you stole these and I will not rest until that 75.00$ is mine.
I wonder if this person ever found their beloved surfboard.
What kind of bug is this?
Train on fire at Union Station now
The Oregonian: Militants supporter says Ammon Bundy in custody
Bundys in custody, one militant dead after gunfight near Burns
World Naked Bike Ride sets 2016 date in Portland: Saturday, June 25th.
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
Car Stolen - 8th and Flanders in the NE - if seen please contact police.
Oregon Zoo staff infected by tuberculosis after exposure to infected elephants
New Sellwood Bridge to open on March 1: project cost is estimated to be in the $317.5 million range.
Debate on Wapato as Homeless Shelter Continues (also see comments)
Octavia’s Brood: Science Fiction Stories from Social Justice Movements. Reading &amp; presentation with Walidah Imarisha
How Portland's 'Deadman's Hill' got its name.
Oregon standoff: Occupiers recruit ranchers to stop paying grazing fees
Guesses, anyone? You think PPS will be open tomorrow, or shall we have a rare Portland snow day?
Reminder for those with cars or trucks. Spray a bit of silicone into the door key slots. If the lock gets wet with this freezing weather the key won't go into the ice.
Columbia River
Massive, rad moving sale Sunday 1/17 and Monday 1/18 @Division and 37th noon to 5ish, all my records, movies, women's clothes and shoes, art...
Lost small-medium sized black terrier. Near 192nd and Halsey about an hour ago.
Looking for new friends in Portland/Vancouver area
OMSI commercial from the 90's
Blackwells ripped off by counterfeiters
Stolen Scooter Vancouver, WA
Suggestions for cheap or free event space
Collared dog lost on SE Division &amp; 34th/36th
Hey, assholes!
Are the hiring practices at recreational dispensaries starting to bug anybody else?
Just burnt my tongue on some hot cocoa.
Birthday Activity Suggestions
Rugby in St. Johns?
2016 Adult Webcam Awards-Las Vegas(Unedited)
250 steelhead being 'recycled' at Lewis and Clark Park [xpost from /r/sandyriver]
Portland man wins $1M Powerball prize
I finally have a use for these!
The Bizarre Bird Hat Fad That Led To Malheur’s Public Land Protections.
New militants and supplies arrive with ease at Malheur Refuge.
Oregon pet rental company euthanizes 3 adoptable dogs
Sunnyside isn't icy at all right now
Snow guy always visits
Did Portland's Latest Organized Homeless Camp Just Pop Up Near Legacy Emanuel?
Semi slides off icy road, narrowly missing apartment building in Troutdale.
knocking buildings down on belmont??
t Dante's in Portland, 2/24/16
Portland police arrest man they say rammed stolen car into 2 police vehicles
Lavoy Finicum wrote a post-apocalyptic book where the protagonist kills federal marshalls for the good of all.
Anybody's trash/recycling not get picked up?
It's New Years eve, you know what that means.
Is Portland a good place for people on the autistic spectrum?
Squirrels still gotta get a nut in this Snowpocalypse. Front my front window.
The 2016 Portland Wish List: Changes the City Needs to Make
It's 7:30 and there's still no weekly rant thread???
MISSING: since New Years Eve. He is 6'0", super slim, hair &amp; eyes = brown. Please help find my friend.
KATU coverage of the ice is hilarious!
Looking to develop App idea. Does anyone have experience with Portland's App Development community?
to the naked woman walking -on- the MAX tracks near Mall 205
Best take-out/to go options?
Uber is giving out free rides tonight
Abstract boardgames + pints kicking off third year!
Are you a runner? What about a field sports enthusiast? Help us, Allen Hall Advertising, make your running and field sports community stronger by answering our short survey. Allen Hall Advertising AllenHallAd.com School of Journalism and Communication University of Oregon
Friend told me about PDX Time Bank- sort of a communal barter system? What do you all think?
Someone in r/oregon recommended I post this here. Some I know posted this the other day about the Bundy fiasco and I thought it should be shared.
First woman candidate enters 2016 Portland mayoral race
Stabbing at Greyhound on 6th Ave, victim has life-threatening injuries, suspect at large
City Council ready to approve Right 2 Dream Too move to Central Eastside by October 1st, free streetcar passes for residents.
Oregon militia supporter calls for locals and outsiders to surround the FBI compound on Saturday
Growing list of area Monday school closures: Portland, Evergreen, Camas, and Washougal districts all closed.
Come Learn to Play D&amp;D at a New Shop (The Game Lodge)
Oregon Commission on Judicial Fitness Recommends Judge Vance Day be Ousted
Going to be stuck in Portland for about 3 months due to a family emergency. Which temp agencies do you recommend in Portland for Tech workers?
As a Subaru owner...
The best email I've gotten all year!
Portland, Multnomah County hit goal to house homeless vets
Activists *Might* Rally Tomorrow to Keep a 73-Year-Old Man in His Home
Where can I find a Bernie Sanders bumper sticker here in the city?
This Monday &amp; Tuesday in PDX: DispensaryNext Conference.
How is everyone in Portland's weekend been?
"Poopmaster 6000 clears downtown Portland sidewalks of crow excrement"
It's over. It's done.
As a tenant in an apartment - is it legal for landlord to include the "Taxes and Fees" in my electric utility bill??
Anyone know of where to get local water from a bottle your own machine?
First time visitors coming on March 22nd. Any chance I can see some whales? Whats a good spot and what kind of whales. Pretty please on the info
Selling: Vintage 1990s Gibson Les Paul Studio Electric Guitar
Car Thief Caught!
Adult Interest View-Master reels?
Question on "Who's Hiring" monthly post
Lost Dog Found! Tanasbourne!
Free 'The Hateful Eight' ticket for tonight at 6pm! HURRY!
Best thing to eat at Muchas Gracias?
DEAR PORTLAND: January 18, 2016 WEEKLY RANT THREAD
Lyft and the snow
Does anyone have any ideas/advice about the ride back home from Seattle?
94 Subaru stolen Christmas Eve...
Adult WebSite Online! ) Find Your Love to night! my tias
Growing number of PSU students seeking 'sugar daddies' to pay for education | News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News
Oregon raising speed limits east of the Cascades
Cliff Robinson plans to open marijuana grow operation in Oregon
HGTV star speaks out about canceled Portland appearance
82nd Safety Improvements this Month
Oh Portlandia - American folk singer hopes peace concert for ISIS will win over terror group
City testing ‘rumble bars’ to prevent encroachment into NE Couch bike lane
Yeah, I don't think so.
Housing Help in Portland on the way??
School is closed again.
Willamette Week made a video about problems in Hazelnut Grove. For some reason, it was never posted, so here it is while it's still timely.
Quentin Tarantino at the Hollywood Theatre: how it happened.
So much snow outside! This is how crazy it is at my work!
Why are gofundme's winning donations over actually important humanitarian causes?
I just love cloudy days. Don't you?
I fell on the ice late last night, Bruise aftermath.
HALP MY BIKE GOT STOLEN
Overnight Getaway near Portland
Portland Winterhawks vs Seattle tmrw night
Anyone wanna own a Casket?
