Cover iPhone fingerprint sensor?
I got scared by a virus, which password keeper is best/most reliable ?
Bit Chat security opinions
Investors Want AT&amp;T to Clarify Policies on Surveillance Requests
Will your Swiss email account stay private (or can the govt take a look)?
Growing up with Facebook: A millennial’s perspective on internet privacy
Data Protection Day: Have We Learned Anything About Privacy in The Past 10 Years?
Data Protection Day: Digital future of Europe can only be built on trust
Here’s What Tor’s Data Looks Like as It Flows Around the World
Deliberately hidden backdoor account in several AMX (HARMAN Professional) devices
The Easy Guide On How To Access The Dark Web Using Tor (In case you're new to Tor "privacy". And please don't go running wild in the Dark Web, it's bad for you.)
Edward Snowden will kick off LibrePlanet 2016: Will you be there?
9 million Google Chrome users were made vulnerable by a web security plug-in
Tor Anonymity: Things Not to Do
Best Onion Links
Uber Fined $20K Over 'God View' Tracking, Breach
Is there a way to make an ad-blocker for smart TV's?Or something to block the microphone from recording.
Secure(ish) note taking app
Nightclub ID scanners
Job for anonymous developers?
MAC Adress and Security
Scientists decode brain signals nearly at speed of perception: "Electrodes in patients' temporal lobes carry information that, when analyzed, enables scientists to predict what object patients are seeing"
Predator and Prey | Child advocates insist our child-protection laws need to be updated to address the threat posed by “boy love” chat forums
The Creator of JavaScript Is Out to Upend the Ad Industry
How to Use an Encrypted Blackberry
Cock.li server seized again by German prosecutor, service moves to Romania
Meet Vigilant Solutions – The Private Company Storing 2.2 Billion License Plate Photos &amp; Selling the Data
Google Wants to Fly Drones Over Your Head to Deliver High Speed 5G Internet
Britain's Secret Surveillance (Trailer)
Report: British spy agency scanned for vulnerable systems in 32 countries
Tampa VA Medical Center has more privacy violations than any other in the country. Regulations are used to punish whistleblowers "They come up with ways to try to discredit you or say you are unfit for duty ... There is zero accountability"
Get Naked with your Users: Why transparency matters and secrecy is bad for business
Latest Merlin build (380.57) for ASUS routers requires sending all traffic data to Trend Micro if we want traffic stats? (also posted on /r/HomeNetworking)
Tor not allowed for /r/privacy's IRC channel
How to complete block Windows 10 data leakage by ONLY allowing internet access for browser sessions?
o2 Internet and mobile customers in Germany are being tracked online by default.
Privacy aware desktop
Looking for an Android solution for offline secure forms
Bathroom Privacy
Our privacy is losing out to Internet-connected household devices
NSA Chief Hacker Explains How To Harden Defenses Against His Elite Attack Dogs
ISP reveals that Swedish government prepares to block gambling sites.
California anti-encryption bill proposal might force Apple to stop sales on its home turf. "Despite Cook’s strong support for encryption, a $2,500 charge each time an iPhone doesn’t have a backdoor might force Apple to change its tune"
A secure, anonymous, post-quantum secure communication protocol?
Privacy and Information Sharing: "Many Americans say they might provide personal information, depending on the deal being offered and how much risk they face"
Congressional Hearings on Surveillance Programs to Kick Off — in Secret
Twitter's Silence Deafening on State-Sponsored Attacks
[pdf] Navigating the Digital Age - The Definitive Cybersecurity Guide for Directors and Officers (Palo Alto Networks)
Senate panel approves bill to boost protections for Europeans' data privacy
European Courts rule that Employers have can read the private messages of employees
EFF tweets to T-Mobile CEO: ".@JohnLegere Does Binge On alter the video stream in any way, or just limit its bandwidth? #AskJohn" John's classy response: "Who the fuck are you anyway"
Here's How Attacker Steal a LastPass User's Email, Password, And Even Two-Factor Auth Code Using Lost Pass
NetAidKit &amp;
Is Evernote secure? Or should i just go back to using paper notebooks?
hello i am looking for help with a program [dws]
Short survey on encrypting Android devices
how to: 2-step authentication without google?
Multiple operating systems on one machine - possible to entirely encrypt only one of them?
Instagram new policy: if you ask a question, they will only look at it if you send a mugshot selfie
Police in Japan are taking 3D mugshots (Wired UK)
USENIX Enigma 2016 - The Golden Age of Bulk Surveillance
Police using Planes equipped with dirtbox to spy on your cell phones
Are Slack Messages Subject to FOIA Requests? - If you work for a government agency, your taco emoji are federal records.
MEMS gyroscopes found on modern smartphones are sufficiently sensitive to measure acoustic signals in the vicinity of the phone. Using signal processing and machine learning, this information is sufficient to identify speaker information and even parse speech.
Bosses' right to snoop on staff emails is an invasion of privacy and ignores the way we work
Comcast security flaw could help burglars break into homes undetected
Facebook testing new browser to make sure you never leave the app
You say advertising, I say block that malware
Pro-privacy presidential candidate Rand Paul AMA Tomorrow 7:30pm ET
Metadata Comes Home With New 'Threat Score' Policing Tools
A really informative interview with a former FBI agent on insider threats and the future of cybersecurity
6 Things You Should Never Ever Post on Social Networks
Proposal to scale Tor via decentralised ‘Tor credits’
FBI ran website sharing thousands of child porn images
My brother and his family was over and visiting us for the holidays. Is there a secure way I can send him some pictures and videos of the trip?
"PC" no longer stands for Personal Computer, it now means.....
What is the worst damage you can do with my birth certificate?
OS X users, what settings and apps are you utilizing to maximize your privacy/security?
Something similar to cryptopals?
How does Facebook know to recommend a coworker as a friend when nothing connects us on FB?
Linux encryption with plausible deniability?
Facebook disputes Belgian tracking order over use of English in court ruling | The court order included the words ‘cookie’ and ‘browser’, which social network claims is against Belgian law for use of Dutch, French or German
Microsoft Make Security changes in Latest Version of "Skype"! There was a security flaw in Skype from 4 years ago!
Did "perma-cookies" ever go away? Not according to this.
Secure voice communication app with military-grade encryption
Released Documents Show NSA Actually Surprised To Find Itself Portrayed Negatively In Popular Culture | Techdirt
EFF to Court: Accessing Cell Phone Location Records Without A Warrant Violates the Constitution
Reddit users accounts leak.
ISIS has released a new Android secure messaging app
In light of Asus routers (and I'm guessing many others) carrying hardware based intrusive software, what router brand(s) do you recommend?
Tor Browser 5.0.7 is released
(X-Post from /r/books) You are not what you read: librarians purge user data to protect privacy
Beware! More malicious Android games found in the Google Play store
Privacy on the Line, Updated And Expanded Edition - The Politics of Wiretapping and Encryption | Free to Download
[privacy] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:aagga
Kazakhstan submits a root certificate to Mozilla for consideration. The certificate could be the one that Kazakhstan plans to use for the "man-in-the-middle" attack against TLS users.
OAuth2.0 Protocol Used in Login process of Facebook is vulnerable!
The current state of Leadership and Responsibility for Cyber Security in the "Real" world 2015
Google, a ‘school official?’ This regulatory quirk can leave parents in the dark.
NOTHING TO HIDE - really?? Support a documentary film in process! Creative Commons
Darkwire.io - encrypted web chat
Signal (Messenger App) on Android question
Evidence for text message snooping?
Privacy-conscious Fitbit Alternative
How Estonia became the most modern digital state in the world
Poland: New surveillance law a major blow to human rights
BlackBerry: No, police did not break our encryption
The Power of Privacy — Documentary In honor of Data Privacy Day
‘Context’ shapes American attitudes towards privacy
An epic fail for Ireland’s data protection laws
SSL Switch - See who's recently switched to SSL
Google’s AMP Poised To Take The Lead From Facebook’s And Apple’s Walled Gardens
Tails 2.0 is out
An obscure government agency is reinventing how the feds handle privacy
Information on most VPN in compiled format
How to Protect Yourself From Phishing
Are there ways to remain anonymous when posting on sites such as Reddit, Nytimes?
What are the options out there for full disk encryption on windows PCs?
Surespot vs Signal (encrypted messengers)
Is there security software out there that not only encrypts a file but also extracts small chunks and replaces them with random data?
'The UK does not undertake mass surveillance,' Theresa May tells Parliamentary Committee
When You Crack Open The Surveillance Door, The Food Police Will Want Your Metadata | Techdirt
Tool to Convert Spotify Songs or Playlist to MP3 Flawlessly
EFF Pries More Information on Zero Days from the Government’s Grasp
Subaru's infotainment system now comes with insurance spyware by default
This is why we're losing the battle.
"No Cost" License Plate Readers Are Turning Texas Police into Mobile Debt Collectors and Data Miners (x-post)
British state mobile phone spying.
Your boss can now officially monitor your WhatsApp messages
Where is Snowden? He has not posted anything on Twitter since December 30th...
(X-Post) You are not what you read: librarians purge user data to protect privacy • /r/books
I'm probably just paranoid, but I've been picking up a weird wifi network after being apart of a drug investigation.
So You Want To Install Linux? A guide to installing an OS that doesn't spy on you
How can large internet companies (reddit, Google) make a profit without jeopardizing users personal data?
At the end of 2015, tyranny was codified into law with the ratification of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA)
Senate marks Data Privacy Day with passage of critical bill for Safe Harbor
UK Government responded to petition: abandon all ideas of trying to ban strong encryption.
Well Done, Microsoft! Skype Update Will Hide Users’ IP Addresses
A spreadsheet with tons of unbiased, independently verifiable data on over 100 VPN services (including those that only use FOSS backends and support tools) (x-post from /r/linux)
Tech security firm finds Wi-Fi-enhanced Barbie doll is vulnerable to hackers
Requiem 4.1 Replacement - Best Alternative to Requiem DRM Removal
"The riot is one night... but metadata lasts forever" (x-post /r/PropagandaPosters)
The FCC Should Ensure Digital Rights for Prisoners and Their Families
The Guardian view on snooping at work: bosses are one thing, but don’t forget Big Brother
Police slow to post 'Stingray' policies
Privacy Violations Rising At Veterans Affairs Medical Facilities. The privacy incident reports also reveal more systemic issues across the VA: Employees repeatedly accessed the medical records of patients not under their care, from co-workers to suicidal vets to whistleblowers
Claims by the Netherlands Forensic Institute (NFI) that it has successfully decrypted emails stored on Blackberry smartphones have caused bafflement at the Canadian firm.
What Happens Next Will Amaze You (what will happen if the advertising bubble crashes)
You are not what you read: librarians purge user data to protect privacy
These Public Comments Saved a Library’s Tor Server From a Government Shutdown - Emails obtained by Motherboard show that off-the-books support from an FBI agent and dozens of supportive comments from regular people empowered a public library to keep its Tor node running.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership: Preserving a Free and Open Internet
ProPublica joins the Dark Web with .onion version of news site
Do you still use Lastpass and TrueCrypt?
How to add SSL to site for free?
Don't know where to ask! Truecrypt encrypted drive can be mounted in windows but not linux.
What do you think about my Privacy theory to browse anonymous
Qubes compatible? : libreboot
GCHQ Developed Encryption Software ‘Has Backdoor’
Introducing UP - Fast online file sharing service, Free and no sign-up required, Upload up to 2 GB of files.
Apple Can Still Read Your End-to-End Encrypted iMessages
The state of privacy in America: What we learned
Canada Cuts Off Some Intelligence Sharing With U.S. Out of Fear for Canadians’ Privacy
Why privacy is important, and having "nothing to hide" is irrelevant
Haunted By Data
Where can I find blocklists compatible with PeerBlock, that isn't iBlockList?
Your Location on Windows 10 Phone is Traceable, Here’s How to Disable it
2016: The year of encryption
Animated video of Glenn Greenwald's book, 'No Place to Hide'
ISP is distributing my private data, redirecting my web traffic, and attempting to hijack my SSL certificates.
What exactly do I need for ultimate security, privacy, fingerprinting, ad and tracking blocking on PC and on mobile? NoScript and what else?
Ubuntu bad for privacy?
ISP is distributing my private data, redirecting my web traffic, and attempting to hijack my SSL certificates.
Whonix vs. Linux w/ TBB Hardened
I'm getting ads on youtube in different language. Could it be something wrong?
Researcher Finds Several ‘Serious’ Vulnerabilities in US Military Websites - The bugs show the US Military needs to take better care of its websites’ cybersecurity.
New York Wants to Force Vendors to Decrypt Users' Phones
Revealed: White House seeks to enlist Silicon Valley to 'disrupt radicalization'
How To Chat Anonymously Online In 5 Steps
De-Anonymizing Users from their Coding Styles
Help with Jitsi: Could not establish connection (ICE failed)
Question about home router internet tracking
Pre-Snowden Whistleblower Faces Misconduct Charges, 12 Years Later
Can anyone PM me a riseup.net invite?
New email account that doesn't require a phone number?
Staying TRULY anonymous on iOS devices?
WP Messaging App
Does airplane mode disable baseband?
EFF Warns Against Broad “Stay Down” Anti-Piracy Filters
First Forbes forced visitors to turn off ad blocker, then they served them malware ads...
A fully loaded Wi-Fi Tor router for privacy &amp; security to all your home devices
Ensure Seamless Off-site Record Storage &amp; Management Services UAE
Celebrating Data Privacy Day, the Internet’s first “data report card” scores the web each month on data collection, consumer tracking, and security
Hillary Clinton Suggests Silicon Valley Could Be Bending on Encryption
Majority of Windows 10 users are happy with the OS
Shops can track you via your smartphone, privacy watchdog warns. "retailers can track every move of their customers using their phones and target them using facial recognition software."
Big victories and rollbacks for data in year of terror
Raspberry Pi TOR/VPN Router Explained
Making private phone calls (real life, family)
Mobile browsing: Fennec F-Droid updated
Where's the ELI5 for this?
NSA Chief Hacker Explains How To Avoid NSA Spying
Traveling Boots and Dancing Shoes.
Three Things to Remember About Online Privacy
Free Privacy Policy for blog
Yahoo releases massive research dataset
Chicago Police Hid Mics, Destroyed Dashcams To Block Audio, Records Show
Tracing You -- a website that tries to see where you are right now
Rand Paul is the biggest leader in stopping NSA spying
Got an email from my ISP and Walt Disney; I torrented once all month and forgot to use SSL
European rights court rules bosses can read staff emails
The Anonymity Impossibility: Stats, Surveys, and Figures
How to Get More Out of Your Adblocker
Now that CISA is in effect, what is the best country to host a VPN?
I think a co-worker is remotely viewing my computer.
Privacy Android apps?
SecureDrop - A project of Freedom of the Press Foundation
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is launching an encryption technology (SecureDrop) to protect whistle blowers
Tuesday deadline looms over US-EU privacy pact.
Microsoft’s Edge browser may be storing private browsing data
The end of internet advertising as we've known it
Nvidia graphic card bug could expose your private porn habit
Introducing NoTrack v0.3 Alpha
How Nvidia breaks Chrome Incognito
Jerry Gamblin on Twitter "My tires have RFID tags, yours probably do also
A privacy reminder from YouTube, a Google company, as seen on the top of your screen whenever you access YouTube.
Spyproof Windows OS Distros?
help with chatsecure and xmpp
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my lol
How private is this link? It points to something which should be free!
NSA Hacker Chief Explains How to Keep Him Out of Your System
The state of privacy in America
Student privacy legislation requires a surgical approach."But some believe schools must choose between privacy and technology. This is a false choice. Parents, schools, students, and lawmakers can have both – it’s just a matter of crafting the right policy. "
Despite strict local laws against surveillance, ATF and FBI are putting up cameras all over Seattle
10 Ways To Evade Surveillance
Big Decision Time For Business As Cyber Security And Privacy Collide Again
New PC processors will only be compatible with Windows 10
After six years in prison, an Iranian blogger sees a very different Internet
The intelligence behind tracking digital evidence
Is there a keyword search engine for file sharing sites?
Where can I find the released list of U.S. citizens being spied on by the NSA?
Forbes Website Dropping Malware on Visitor’s PCs
When using VPN on iOS - don't services such as Mail or Facebook log your masked IP?
Text messages while at work
Why bother with the hassles of Tor if I can just use public Wi-Fi with a laptop bought on Craigslist?
22 Ransomware Prevention Tips | The State of Security
The Tor Project Raised Over $200,000 From Its First Crowdfunding Campaign
Data Privacy: Technology is Paramount, but People and Processes Matter too
Netherlands opts for security over intelligence
Your Apps, Please? China Shows how Surveillance Leads to Intimidation and Software Censorship
Cops hate encryption but the NSA loves it when you use PGP – compsci security boffin
Europe outlaws bulk communication monitoring, maybe
Implications for the Future of Global Data Security and Privacy: The Territorial Application of the Stored Communications Act and the Microsoft Case
Facial Recognition? Was it my face or eyes that were recognized?
New Encrypto-Text Software from The CAOC! Totally Uncrackable Messaging Software! Download Here!
Should I be using Privacy Badger?
Best book/s on online privacy, anonymity and security? (For a beginner, preferably)
Rights Lab: Can the Government Spy on My Phone?
Amazon Could Be Giving Out Your Home Address to Strangers - A blogger claims the online chat support gave out a blogger’s home address to strangers 3 times.
Do the files I delete from my Google Drive remain on Google's servers? How likely is that?
22 Sites Where You Should Enable Two Factor Authentication RIGHT NOW | Jerod Brennen, CISSP | LinkedIn
The Department of Veterans Affairs' Big Problem With Patient Privacy and Whistleblowers. Deceased vets’ data has been sent to the wrong widows. Employees have snooped on the records of patients who’ve committed suicide. And whistleblowers say their own medical privacy has been violated
National Security Agency says US Govt new spying program meets security standards
A secretive surveillance device confounds criminals, but raises privacy concerns
Article: Every Breath You Take, Every Move You Make, this Site's Watching
An employee who worked in the IRS’s Taxpayer Advocate Service at a job assisting identity theft victims has instead been charged with running a $1 million identity theft tax fraud scheme
Morocco Bans WhatsApp, Skype, Viber and Other Services Providing Mobile Internet Calls
Forget anonymity, we can remember you wholesale with machine intel, hackers warned
New RAT Trochilus, a sophisticated weapon used by cyber spies
Good News! The UK Government are not seeking to ban or limit encryption.
NSA: New phone spying program meets privacy safeguards
Buy a vpn or host your own?
How Do I Protect My Medical Information?
Be careful with CloudFlare
A way around services that require cellphones?
uBlock Origin blocks sourceforge downloads?
When buying a modern car, what are my options if I don't want to give up privacy?
Does sending photos through iPhones remove EXIF datas?
Snowden Leak Proves That NSA And GCHQ Spied On Israeli Drones Using Open Source Tools
Security And Privacy Standards Are Critical To The Success Of Connected Cars
Amazon’s customer service at it's finest
The Repeat Political Madness Of Never-Ending Crypto Wars
United States' Largest Police Union Servers Hacked, Trove of Data Leaked
French Government Rejects Hardware Backdoor Amendment
App designed for children with autism now lets you track your kids with one click
Verizon allegedly aided cybercriminals by routing 4 million stolen IP addresses for them
Anonymous Exposes 1GB Data Belonging to Thailand’s Supreme Court
New Skype update prevents online harassment by hiding your IP address
Missing box of records among Montana VA privacy violations. Report shows pattern of privacy VA violations, including box with 100's of health records that was lost.
Celebrity photos leaked from iCloud
Do any of you know about Slimjet browser?
Judge rules cellphone 'tower dumps' violate charter right to privacy
New York is trying to force backdoors into phones with legislation
Blizzard spies on WoW (and presumably every other Blizzard game) players through their screenshots
Forbes says advertising, I say block that malware!
Why bother with VPN and Tor if I can just use public Wi-Fi with a laptop bought on Craigslist?
BT Internet in the UK with default routers refuses connection unless you're using their DNS servers
[Rant] Dear Great Clips, you are not getting my address and phone number.
Is Ghostery compromised?
The StingRay's Tale - Policing and Privacy
Is the erosion of privacy inevitable?
Let's Encrypt SSL now available as free 1-click option from DreamHost (big US web hoster)
RSA asks for plaintext Twitter passwords on conference reg page
What do you think of trying Tor today?
Dirtbox Over Disneyland? New Docs Reveal Anaheim’s Cellular Surveillance Arsenal
French government considers law that would outlaw strong encryption
Why Canada could get caught in a global privacy battle. "The TPP, the massive Pacific trade deal that the Canadian government is currently considering ratifying, could further complicate the issue by restricting the ability of Canadian officials to react to global privacy developments."
The big data of bad driving: how insurers plan to track your every move
National Journal: The Obama Administration’s Encryption Views Are All Over the Map
Replacing Judgment with Algorithms
"A majority of Americans say they support warrantless government surveillance of the Internet communications of U.S. citizens, according to a new poll by The Associated Press and the NORC Center for Public Affairs Research."
That One Privacy Guy's VPN Comparison Chart
Transparency Report &amp; Warrant Canary for the Secure Email Service Tutanota
Does FB somehow hook into the background of my browser/PC?
How well does Signal work?
Firefox Privacy Addon
Security This Week: License Plate Readers in Texas Are Now Also Debt Collectors
Windows 10 Spying is worse than I ever imagined
"The European Union and the United States are hurtling toward a deadline on reaching a new agreement over data sharing that would extinguish the risk of costly litigation by consumers worried about their privacy."
So What About those Phone Records Now? EFF Writes to FISA Court
Egypt arrests Facebook users on charges of organizing protests Security forces arrest administrators of 47 Facebook pages ahead of Arab Spring anniversary
Uber has quietly begun monitoring the movements of some of its drivers in an experimental Texas-based pilot that is attempting to flag dangerous driving.
Facial Recognition Company Creates Tattoo Detecting Technology For Police
Story of Law Enforcement getting personal information from Gmail Accounts due to Online Trolling
What's at stake in the encryption debate?
Noise generator for web browser?
All platform messaging client
Protecting a small company from cyber attacks
Fingerprinting
DOJ's New Restrictions On Surveilling Journalists Contain Exception For National Security Letters
On a dark and cold night, in a foggy room, two college kids put together a VPN in the name of privacy and boredom
New tools for teaching and learning Email Self-Defense
Why Do We Expose Ourselves?
Facebook adds Tor support on its Android application
Sean Penn and “El Chapo”: Operational Security Errors (Part 1) — Hacker Daily
16 states unveil privacy protection measures
Coming soon to a retailer near you: freezer cases that try to identify your gender and facial expression
Internet providers want to know more about you than Google does, privacy groups say
RCMP decrypt PGP emails on Blackberry
The All-Seeing Eye That Watches an Entire City at Once
Sophos Home: Free antivirus for Windows and Mac users
Man ordered to tell police if he plans to have sex
Deleted Facebook ages ago, wondering if opening in private tab will prevent cross-site tracking by FB cookies?
Microsoft shows off just how much data it’s collecting from Windows 10 users
Paid with cash - now what to do with refund?
Tip: Bypass Mobile Carrier's Web Proxy
Openmailbox user back to Gmail
What extensions should I use in Chrome? Which should I not use?
The Anaheim Police Department has spent almost a decade secretly building an inventory of powerful cell phone surveillance devices and making them available to neighboring cities in Orange County, according to the ACLU.
Police destroy evidence with 10 failed passcode attempts on iPhone
How Google and Facebook Are Raping Your Privacy and Manipulating Your Life
Investigation Finds Signs of Secret Phone Surveillance Across London
"A proposed bill in New York [New York, USA] seeks to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked and proposes hefty fines for vendors failing to comply."
Government Officials Think NSA Spying That 'Incidentally' Swept Up Congressional Phone Calls Still Not Enough Spying
ChatSecure, Conversations and Zom (Big announcement)
Companies Should Resist Government Pressure and Stand Up for Free Speech
Rogers, Telus await landmark ruling on cellphone privacy
Microsoft walks a thin line between Windows 10 telemetry and snooping
Forbes Website Dropping Malware on Visitor’s PCs
Thought the NSA Could No Longer Collect Your Phone Records? Guess Again
Going internet-free for privacy except for one device
More developments on voter database (191 million)
How to use 1 universal OTR key on different clients?
A Priv A"BIDE"S BB Security Chief On Raising The Bar In Cybersecurity
25 Civil Liberties Organizations Call for Open Hearings on Section 702 Surveillance
A Few Keystrokes Could Solve the Crime. Would You Press Enter?
Build Lean Muscle! Try Forskolin for Free! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
Richard Stallman on Data Autonomy
My girlfriend is а prоstitute! Dаmn... I fоund it оn this site ... Check оut bоys аnd girlfriends.
Tor-Based Tails 2.0 Anonymous Live CD Gets Closer to Release, RC1 Is Ready for Testing
Chaum gone full retard. • /r/TOR
Facebook '46 years' notifications: Why social network told users they had been friends for decades, and why it will happen again - The strange notifications were the result of a bug in Unix, which lays the foundation of modern operating systems
Using and Abusing TOR – Like No-ip, but Better!
The five stages of securing your e-mail
Thoughts on Tunnelbear? Is it reliable?
Where do you purchase your digital media such as music, movies, ebooks, etc?
Thousands of gamers’ passwords easily cracked in 3 minutes
Political campaigns are infringing on your privacy, and they might be worse than retailers
NY State Legislator Proposes Ban On Sale Of Encrypted Smartphones
U.S., E.U. negotiators still split over major data-sharing deal for businesses
2016 Email Security Roadmap
Edward Snowden says: "If you watch only one thing today, make it this on George Orwell"
Congress Has a Thing or Two to Learn From These State Privacy Laws
[Metaprivacy]let's have some fun here 18+
Privacy advocates protest Microsoft’s backup of user encryption keys
Tor Anonymity: Things NOT To Do While Using Tor
[Request][Android]Standalone Calendar w/o sync?
Extensions disappearing in Firefox
Privacy Central BBM Channel and Privacy Central Group Chat (Channel PIN: C003319F7 )
Javascript to block?
/r/Privacy 's thought on the Bitcoin blocksize debate
JOHN MCAFEE: The Obama administration doesn't understand what 'privacy' means — let me explain
Never mind encryption, 1 in 3 Android devices don’t even use lock screen PINs
District attorney offices are bringing the encryption war directly to the states
Apple Can Still Read Your End-to-End Encrypted iMessages
FCC Urged To Rein In Broadband Providers On Privacy Grounds. "More than 50 U.S. consumer and privacy organizations including the Center for Digital Democracy and the Electronic Frontier Foundation have co-signed a letter to FCC chairman Tom Wheeler calling for “strong rules” to protect the privacy"
There are no secure smartphones.
Open Rights Group - Thanks to our supporters, we can make our mass surveillance film
Shodan webcam search engine raises privacy concerns for internet of things
Engineer's bosses gave him printout of his Yahoo IMs. Euro court says it's OK
MIT Press Podcasts : Jeffrey Pomerantz - Metadata
FSF: Hardware we certified in 2015 to Respect Your Freedom
Living the CES security farce
The state of our encryption isn’t strong, but it’s getting better
US legislation re. Safe Harbor is all about surveillance - beware the spin
3 encryption myths you should know
Opinions on GhostMail.com?
Is Tutanota down?
Where to download Spybot Anti-Beacon? Official download link not working.
Is Google is bad as everyone makes it out to be?
Employers Questioning Email Domain
Countries with the strictest (and most lenient) data retention laws
Princeton Web Transparency &amp; Accountability Project
Nest Thermostat Leaked Zip Codes Over the Internet - Even Google-owned Internet of Things devices suffer from common security flaws.
Our fragile minds under surveillance
EU urges privacy protection in US data-pact talks. "EU commissioner for justice Vera Jourova said on Monday (18 January) that US authorities must make guarantees on privacy in a new so-called Safe Harbour agreement."
What's The Difference Between 'Mass Surveillance' And 'Bulk Collection'? Does It Matter?
Caution! this is the first website whеre аdult wоman sеarch for fаmiliarity thеy pick-up yоu first NЕITHER CАRDS &amp; оther THINGS! Cheit it
Microsoft shows off just HOW much data it's collecting about Windows 10 users
Facebook, Shutterfly Face Lawsuits For Using Facial Recognition To ID Photos
Turris Omnia - a truly open source &amp; hardware router - is 6 days away from ending the crowdfunding campaign
Got an email from my ISP and Walt Disney; I torrented once all month and forgot to use my VPN.
How To Shred Old Documents
Coding Styles Survive Binary Compilation, Could Lead Investigators Back To Programmers
Why not just use airplane mode?
Submitted a tip to the NSA about suspicious activity of a serious concern. My phone battery normally lasts a week, but since Monday it's been lasting half a day. I think I'm being snooped.
Facebook suggests "friend" that's a private business contact?
How to be private in real life?
Why Parents Should Pick Android Over iPhone
NSA’s top hacking boss explains how to protect your network from his attack squads
Skype helps users avoid harassment by hiding IP addresses - freaking finally
Like it or not, you can no longer hide your Facebook profile from search results. Facebook has removed the privacy setting that allowed users to prevent others from searching for them by name on the site.
The Dutch Police is going to use drones for mass surveillance
Why is Microsoft monitoring how long you use Windows 10?
Still on the fence about using a VPN? Read The VPN Guy's "5 Best Reasons to Use a VPN."
Tor on ChromeOs
How to get rating numbers, when Netflix won't help: "Mr. Wurtzel provided data from a firm named Symphony Advanced Media, which uses audio content recognition installed on phones to recognize what is being watched and when."
Christian MP calls for end to slow, callous asylum procedures [Netherlands]
How Americans Can Take Back Our Privacy
Cybersecurity Investing In Israel By The Numbers
Symphony Advanced Media Software Tracks Your Digital Life Through Your Smartphone Mic
Article: From Medical Tests To Drones In Backyards: Is Physical Privacy Dead?
Snooper's charter: cafes and libraries face having to store Wi-Fi users' data (UK)
New search engine taps into private webcams, raising security fears | Toronto Star
The Privacy Challenge to be discussed at (ISC)2 CyberSecureGov 2016 “Inspiring Change Agents in an Environment of Game-Changing Threats”
"The White House is set to meet Friday with the country’s largest tech companies to discuss how they can help “disrupt” Isis’s online activities. On the agenda: censorship and invasive anti-privacy and security measures that could affect not just Isis supporters, but everyone who uses the internet."
Should I trust Chromium as an open-source browser choice?
Raising awareness for the practices of data-collecting corporations
Best Firefox extension for privacy without breaking websites?
Anyone Use Maxthon Browser?
Best free secure email service?
23andMe Privacy Concerns
Why Windows 10 Sucks or Everything Wrong with Windows 10
Safe Bags $1M Seed For Its Hardware Fix For Bulk Password Theft
Don't Sign the TPP | OpenMedia
[early 2016] Best Password Manager? (discussion)
Microsoft’s new PR idiocy: New PC can only use Windows 10 (not 7 nor 8.1)
ACLU unveils privacy fight in 16 states
Uber fined peanuts in God View surveillance, data breach investigation
Open to Inspection: Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness in the age of surveillance.
Pssst, Your PGP Is Leaking
Your license plate: Window to your life
what is the limitation or difference of this fork
Microsoft didn’t warn Chinese victims of government hack
Any prepaid credit card that does not need your real address, SSN, etc?
How Amazon customer service was the weak link that spilled my data
How do I transfer money without getting into bitcoins and this bullshit?
u smile i smile
Open source alternative to Greenify (Android)
What's the weak privacy link here - Facebook, possible cookies/malware, or both?
uBlock origin and other "blockers", which to use?
Are drug dealer using dumb phones dumb?
Using certain DNS server could harm my anonymity?
A little humor to lighten the mood on a serious topic.
Is Tor safe enough or can agencies like NSA spy on the users' activities?
Internet-Connected Household Devices and Your Privacy
Privacy watchdog attacks snooper's charter over encryption
Justin Amash Prepares for War Over Privacy Rights
Companies, Scientists, and Activists Worldwide Call On Global Leaders to Protect Strong Encryption
Microsoft Probably has your Disk Encryption Key in its Server, Here’s How to Take it Back
Marcy Wheeler Explains CISA - How Congress sold us out on Cybersecurity
Massive Windows 10 News Hides 5 Nasty Surprises
http://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/cbc-securedrop-whistleblowers-1.3412450
Malicious code on my laptop battery???
iOS 9.2 Broken Privacy Setting
dumb question.. do you get flash cookies if you don't have flash installed?
Is it possible your banking information private while buying on Amazon/Ebay, or using ATM?
Privacy invasion on Google play Service requiring SMS and Contacts access.
Is something up with riseup?
What does r/privacy think about minds.com?
The NYPD Is Tracking Drivers Across The Country Using License Plate Readers
Yet another bill seeks to weaken encryption-by-default on smartphones | Ars Technica
Now California state wants to ban sale of encrypted smartphones
Microsoft's latest Windows 10 upgrade tactic: Spreading fear over Windows 7
One method of protecting patient privacy would be to dissociate patient information from the patient account until the user is identified and authenticated....
DHS Wants Better Social Media Screening Technology
Stop doing quizzes on Facebook if you place any value on your privacy
Pentagon to Inquire Into NSA Monitoring of Snowden Copycats
David Bowie just proved that privacy is not dead
Chicago police must finally produce stingray records, judge orders
Are Windows 8.1 updates save or can it add undesirable 'functionality'?
What to do with a hosted domain?
Whole Foods Market's new, absolutely-zero-privacy privacy policy
Bug in OpenSSL allows attackers to decrypt HTTPS traffic
How Data Brokers Make Money Off Your Medical Records
Dutch government backs strong encryption, condemns backdoors
[privacy] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
Why 'Smart' Barbies Could Mean the End of Privacy As We Know It.
And if you don't like the Internet's system, you can always flip off the modem.
Where can I find 10-20 solid IP addresses? (VPN)
Q: Does Apple's business model make the iPhone the less privacy-invasive option over Google Android phones?
Any way to privately change your name?
What email provider do you use (if any) in 2016?
