Mr. Rogers Quotes to think about
It rings, when you get a call. Not the other way around!
"I learned early to understand that there is no such condition in human affairs as absolute truth. There is only truth as people see it, and truth, even in fact, may be kaleidoscopic in its variety." — Pearl S. Buck (1892-1973) My Several Worlds (1954)
"To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, / To a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, / Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, / From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!" — W.S. Gilbert (1836-1911) The Mikado, act 1 (1885)
I am not a sportsman but I love sportsmen...
No one ever said you had to be perfect.
“You can safely assume you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.” ― Anne Lamott
Excellance Quote by Casey Stengel
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes- Fredric Nietzsche
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. One who lives life fully is prepared to die at any time.” Mark Twain
"I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." -Thomas Edison
"The culture of any organization is shaped by the worst behavior the leader is willing to tolerate." -- Gruenter and Whitaker
"Progress isn’t guaranteed. It’s not inevitable. It’s something that has to be fought for." —President Obama
"I see more than others do because I know where to look." -Saprazzan vizier (MTG)
I stopped caring about the tears of others and have started only caring about the tears I make for myself
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.” -Mark Twain
"Saddam Hussein is too great to be defended, even by Saddam Hussein himself" /Saddam Hussein during his own trial
"The impossible just takes a little bit longer."
Social proof yes its important for branding
"We Westerners know nothing of torture. We simply nail a man's balls to a chair. Where is the poetry?" -The Monarch
what is a quote that relates to the message of not caring only about yourself.
"At some point, you gotta stop looking up at the sky, or one of these days you'll look back down and see that you floated away, too." -John Green
"Why is it that in all the novels and motion picture plays the vampires and adventuresses have dark hair and black eyes, while the innocent, persecuted angels are all blondes—whereas in real life it is always the other way 'round." — Helen Rowland (1875-1950) "Blondes," A Guide to Men (1922)
"Give fools their gold, and knaves their power; let fortune's bubbles rise and fall; who sows a field, or trains a flower, or plants a tree, is more than all." - John Greenleaf Whittier
“We don’t rise to the level of our expectations – we fall to the level of our training.” – Archilochus
"Don't stop when you're ‎tired stop when you're done."
Masks camouflage the faces of both good and evil. Keeps hidden what is a truth and what is a lie.
"If it feels like it's burning - it's working!" /Kate Ellis {Sisters (2015)}
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube - Eminem
"I do not fear death; but with the leisure of choice, it loses its charm." - Mark of the Ninja
"I have heard an atheist defined as a man who had no invisible means of support." — John Buchan (1875-1940) Speech to the The Law Society of Upper Canada, February 21, 1936
No matter how busy a person is, if they really care, they will always find time for you - via QuotesGate
"I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do." HAL 9000, 2001: A Space Odyssey
does anyone know recent reddit homepage post which was that quote which is like: it’s not those who do bad things which is evil, but those who do nothing in response?
"You can't help feeling hungry even when you're depressed." -Luke Triton
"Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you." -- George R.R. Martin (Tyrion Lannister - A Game of Thrones)
"There are some fish that cannot be caught. It's not that they are faster or stronger than other fish, they're just touched by something extra" - Edward Bloom (Big Fish)
“The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything” ― Albert Einstein
Rusty: You scared? / Linus: You suicidal? / Rusty: Only in the morning. (Ocean's Eleven, 2001)
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -MLK
“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart” – Steve Jobs
"Death inspires me like a Dog inspires a Rabbit" 21 Pilots - HeavyDirtySoul
Memorable Quotes of Life
hank moody sunglasses
"Scholars are the torches of the earth, the prophets’ representatives, and heirs to me and the other prophets." Muhammad
''The reality is you will grieve forever.-
We fall in love by chance, we stay in love by choice. - Anonymous
"The direct use of physical force is so poor a solution to the problem of limited resources that it is commonly employed only by small children and great nations." — David D. Friedman (1945- ) The Machinery of Freedom, chapter 1
"You think you know madness? Try being imprisoned under a mountain for centuries while your family gets butchered by deities and humans all while knowing you can do nothing to escape. That is my madness. A month of paranoia. Heh. Your madness is inconsequential."
“In the depths of my heart I can’t help being convinced that my dear fellow-men, with a few exceptions, are worthless.” - Sigmund Freud
"I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers... make sure you hands are clean!” ― Bob Marley
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." - Harry S Truman
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." - Ernest Hemingway
"Society lives by faith, and develops by science." Henri Frederic Amiel
"Tell Mike it was only business. I always liked him."- Sal Tessio
“Success is something you attract by the person you become.” Jim Rohn
"If people want to know who I am, it is all in the work." - Alan Rickman (R.I.P)
The Dalai Lama expresses his opinion on the priorities of modern society.
Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth.- Albert Einstein
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.- Babe Ruth
Don Henley on the passing of Glen Frey
You're out of your mind to think that I can keep you out of my mind- tove lo
The best way to predict is to invent it.
[Question] How do you translate a quote ?
“Stupidity is like hydrogen; it’s everywhere, it’s the basic building block of the universe.” Frank Zappa (1980)
"Shit's free too." - my Mom
"Never use the sharpness of your tongue against the one who has made you speak." Ali Ibn e Abi Talib Source : Gharar ul hikam , Chapter : The Tounge , page 1518
"hours of leisure pass away like summer-clouds, therefore, do not waste opportunity of doing good."
"No one would dedicate their whole life to [what they know is] a lie; they'd just tell it and move on." -James "Bobo" Fay
"Minutes of patience can prevent years of pain." -ShiningConcepts
Be a game changer the world has enough followers.
"Where all are guilty, no one is; confessions of collective guilt are the best possible safeguard against the discovery of culprits, and the very magnitude of the crime the best excuse for doing nothing." -Hannah Arendt
"There is a danger in secrets, both in seeking and in knowing. Some things are meant to be hidden from view. Some mysteries defy understanding, and sometimes even the things we think we know are untrue. Some secrets should remain untouched.” — Cortana
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus." - Mark Twain
"And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been." - Rainer Maria Rilke
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
“If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.” Roald Dahl
"you don't need a plan. sometime you need to breath, trust, let go and see what happens"- Mandy Hale
Just thinking of you puts a smile on my face.
“Enjoy the little things in life because one day you'll look back and realize they were the big things.” -Robert Brault
Trying to remember a quote..
Help finding a possible Scott Fitzgerald quote.
The Road Quote
"I do not know which makes a man more conservative—to know nothing but the present, or nothing but the past." — John Maynard Keynes (1883-1946) The End of Laissez-Faire, chapter 1 (1926)
[TOMT] [quote] warning about not participating in a democracy
Art is infinite. It has no beginning and no end. -Stephen Sondheim
“Everything I had to do, I did in good faith. But then again, don’t we always do the most horrible things in good faith?” — Luca Rauchenberger
“I was like, nobody’s gonna open up their hard drive like that… nobody’s gonna allow their bandwidth to be used… no one is gonna share an MP3 – that was my quote. Boy was I wrong. I was so wrong.” -Ali Aydar, Napster’s senior director of technology
"Good for her! Not for me. That is the motto women should constantly repeat over and over again." - Amy Poehler
“We weep for a bird’s cry, but not for a fish’s blood. Blessed are those with a voice.” Mamoru Oshii
You can't blame gravity for falling in love - Albert Einstein
“Most of what matters in our lives takes place in our absence.” Salman Rushdie (Midnight’s Children) (1981)
"True love isn't tempted by opportunity."-Me (insomnia induced)
"Our lives are remembered by the gifts we leave our children" - Atlantis: The Lost Empire
Montains of Lhasa are feeling the rain People are walking the Botella lanes Preacher takes the school One boy breaks a rule Silly boy blue, silly boy blue
Great Motivational Quotes for the New Year
The odds are irrelevant; if it’s possible and it matters, you take the shot and you never give up. – Regina Dugan
'Young people should get into something productive, and that would not be politics.. Do not do politics! Do something with your life, be productive, help somebody, make something' - Rand Paul
"I am a Tory Anarchist. I should like every one to go about doing just as he pleased—short of altering any of the things to which I have grown accustomed." — Max Beerbohm (1872-1956) "Servants," And Even Now (1921)
Changes, one road to loneliness, it's always the same. One road to happiness, it's calling your name.- Yes
The very construction of the word [materialism] suggests that there is more to this life than just matter. - Albert Camus
"To be invisible in your struggle is the greatest poverty of all." Source?
"A mind with thoughts and ideas is like a search engine on a computer. But, You must type them in order to get results." - Eric Longoria
“Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.” -- Alexis de Tocqueville (1840)
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Was this how people sustained relationships and sanity? By uninhibitedly expressing resentment to unconsciously contrast an amount of future indifference into affection?" -Taipei by Tao Lin
You might not have been my first love but you were the love that made all the other loves irrelevant- Rupi Kaur
Those who serve well as deacons gain a good standing for themselves - Saint Timothy
Image + 121 Love Quotes, Romantic and Inspiring Collection﻿
“Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.” Maya Angelou ‪#‎love‬ ‪#‎lovequote‬
Friends they understand each other completely even if not a single word is spoken...
"Truth, after all, wears a different face to everybody, and it would be too tedious to wait till all were agreed. She is said to lie at the bottom of a well, for the very reason, perhaps, that whoever looks down in search of her sees his own image at the bottom, and is persuaded not only that he…
"Television is for appearing on, not looking at." — Noël Coward (1899-1973) Interview with Edward R. Murrow on Person to Person, April 27, 1956
"Every time I rise up, I have confidence that I’m going to make it." -Stephen Curry
Source Request: FDR "Presidents are selected, not elected."
"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny ...'" — Isaac Asimov (1920-1992) Attributed
"When you work hard, good things happen." -Allen Iverson
“I want this one moment..." - Frances Ha
"All I know is that I am not a Marxist." - Karl Marx
Be bold enough to raise the standards of everyone around you.
Treat others as you would like to be treated.
"Understand that I am even ignored by the opposite sex on the internet." -- Shanghai Nobody, Vann Chow
"We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side."
“What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.” ― Kurt Vonnegut, Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage
"Bring me my ranch dressing hose". Homer Simpson
No better way to reignite our passion for this world than through fear of stasis &amp; stable ground.
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.- Robert Louis Stevenson
“The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.” - Rachel Carson
The difference between a hero and a villain is perspective. ~Unknown
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” Martin Luther King Jr.
“As you think, so shall you become.” Unknown
You can't control all the crazy stuff that happens to you. All you can control is the way you handle it- Amy lee
“Everybody comes to a point in their life when they want to quit, but it's what you do at that moment that determines who you are.” David Goggins
you remind me of a poem I can't remember, and a song that may never have existed, and a place I'm not sure I've ever been to. -Abe Simpson
The central drama of our age is how the Western nations and the Asian peoples are to find a tolerable basis of co-existence. - Walter Lippmann
"Love, hope, compassion... This is what people say monster SOULs are made of. But the absolute nature of 'SOUL' is unknown. After all, humans have proven their SOULs don't need these things to exist." -Book in Snowdin Librarby
"There is no such thing as war. Only negotiation." - Anonymous
“Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise.” ― Thomas Paine
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.- Blaise Pascal
'Anger is more useful than despair'
Looking for a quote about learning to code/ program.
"The fact that every part of this ship was built by the low bidder." — Alan Shepard (1923-1998) When asked by a reporter what he thought about while inside the capsule atop the Redstone rocket. Quoted by Gene Kranz in Failure is Not an Option (2000)
No place but yourself
"Be the best version of yourself in anything you do. You don’t have to live anybody else’s story." -Stephen Curry
Nature understands no jesting. She is always true, always serious, always severe. She is always right, and the errors are always those of man.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit." - W. Somerset Maugham
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.” Dr Roopleen
"You Can't Turn Back The Clock,You Can't Turn Back The Tide... Ain't That A Shame?" - Freddie Mercury (Queen's 'These Are The Days of Our Lives')
"The world is a comedy to those that think; a tragedy to those that feel." Horace Walpole
“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.” - Mark Twain
"A problem well-defined is a problem half-solved." --Charles Kettering --Michael Scott
"If you kill off all of your foes, what do you have left to fight against? I hate my enemies, but not as much as I appreciate them." - Chagurian (Apathy’s Extinction by Christopher Riordan Jones)
“Birds scream at the top of their lungs in horrified hellish rage every morning at daybreak to warn us all of the truth, but sadly we don't speak bird.” ~Kurt Cobain
“What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.”
I just want to put a ding in the universe.- Steve Jobs
Live Your Life: Today
"Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim." — George Santayana (1863-1952) The Life of Reason, volume 1, Introduction (1905)
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.- Jonathan Winters
"I didn't have time actually means 'it wasn't important enough to me'" - Seth Godin
"To become a man, you must prove yourself brave, truthful, and unselfish." - u/aentrop
BY FAILING TO PREPARE, YOU ARE PREPARING TO FAIL. -Benjamin Frnaklin
"Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again, and you will be filled with joy. A fool is happy until his mischief turns against him. And a good man may suffer until his goodness flowers."- Buddha
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. - Albert Einstein
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
"You know what makes a good person good? When a good person does something bad, they own up to. They try to learn something from it and they move on.” - Ron Swanson
My favorite Inspirational Quotes about life
alyaws try to make that liked by every person.
"He not busy being born is busy dying" ~Bob Dylan
'' Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. '' -Mark Twain
"I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government." -Woody Allen
“I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.” Bruce Lee
Work to live, not live to work- Unknown
"You can fool too many of the people too much of the time." -James Thurber
Compromise used to mean that half a loaf was better than no bread. Among modern statesmen it really seems to mean that half a loaf is better than a whole loaf. -G. K. Chesterton
Action is consolatory. It is the enemy of thought and the friend of flattering illusions. Only in the conduct of our action can we find the sense of mastery over the fates. - Joseph Conrad
"Let us be thankful for the fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed." -Mark Twain
“Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it’s one of the best.” -Woody Allen
[Request] Looking for a quote about an experience or moment having a lasting positive impact one one's life.
As someone going through a tough breakup, this really spoke to me. From George Orwell's 1984
Life Changing Lessons to Learn from Buddha
When you have everything, you have everything to lose. - Ben Harper
"If you want to look good in front of thousands, you have to out work thousands in front of nobody." -Damian Lillard
"No one can live happily who has regard to himself alone and transforms everything into a question of his own utility." -Seneca
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.” ― C.G. Jung
As long as greed supersedes empathy, we will always have suffering. -unknown
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your THOUGHTS about it.” Eckhart Tolle
Catering and kindess to the Strong does not blind them from bearing witness to mistreatment of the Weak. You can only hope that they will keep their heads turned.
“While we are postponing, life speeds by.” Seneca
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten. - Neil Gaiman
"the most precious possession you have in the world is your own people"
"I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known." - Walt Disney
"If we do not discipline ourselves the world will do it for us." - William Feather
"An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way." - Charles Bukowski
God isn't fixing anything.
Quote of the day ...
"A secret is only a secret until you tell someone"
My mom told me never to talk to anyone stranger than me.
"When an honest man discovers he is mistaken, he will either cease to be mistaken or cease to be honest." -Anonymous
"They kick you when you down, but they wanna kick it with you when you up." - DJ Khaled
"There's more than one way to get booze into a Gallagher" - Francis Gallagher
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” Norman Vincent Peale
“Never underestimate the ability of a small group of dedicated people to change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” Margaret Meade
“We are the first generation to feel the impact of climate change and the last generation that can do something about it.” - Barack Obama
"I'm an instant star. Just add water and stir." - David Bowie
"What?" -Helen Keller
"My policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it." - Boris johnson, mayor of london
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times." origin?
"What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun." Ecclesiastes 1:9; Can anyone help me find a quote with the same sentiment but from a non religious source?
“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.” Maya Angelou
Quote of the Day January 31
"it's not that i wait for you, it's that my arms are doors i cannot close." - Derrick Brown
"And godless though I am, the fact of being human, the fact of possessing the gift of study, and thus being remarkable among all the matter floating through the cosmos, still awes me." - Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me
Be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful.- Warren Buffett
"What is the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? About 30 pounds" -Cindy Gardner
"Righteousness is to have good character and sin is what festers in your heart and you hate for people to know about it "- Mohammad ibn `Abd Allāh.
"Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily passing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet... then, I account it high time for me to get to the sea." Herman Melville
"When written in Chinese, the word 'Crisis' is composed of two characters-one represents danger, and the other represents opportunity." - John F. Kennedy
“It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.” J. Krishnamurti
“What you seek is seeking you.” Rumi
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
“The more I know about people, the more I like dogs. I simply like animals.” - Vladimir Putin
"Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean." ~John Muir
Just when I thought it was going to be a good day, here you come, with that haircut. Did your mom make you get it? - 10 y.o. in my autism classroom
"And the people who are the the most ignorant about the world are the most concerned about foreign policy." My gf on the contradictions within the US electorate.
"But many people never grow up. They stay all their lives with a passionate need for eternal authority and guidance, pretending not to trust their own judgment. Nevertheless, it is their own judgment, willy-nilly, that there exists some authority greater than their own." -Alan Watts
'Her favorite position is beside herself, and her favorite sport is jumping to conclusions' - comedian, Danny Kaye
If we admit...
“We are the first generation to feel the impact of climate change and the last generation that can do something about it.” Barrack Obama
Everyone wants to be like everyone. Make your own path and bring everyone that believes in you along the way. JSR 2016
And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what this stom's all about.q
"If you know the enemy and you know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles". -Sun Tzu
"Live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt." -Kin Hubbard
"Life is easy when you're hot. But what happens when the ball bounces the other way? You just keep getting back up and climbing up." -Bill Walton
"Everybody complains about the weather, but nobody does anything about it." Charles Dudley Warner
Something that has the potential to be permanent is never going to compare to something that had the opportunity to be perfect because it was temporary
No one shall expel us from the Paradise that Cantor has created - David Hilbert
"A hair divides what is false and true." - Omar Khayyam
"It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child on drugs." -Pablo Picasso
“The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.” – C. JoyBell C.
History repeats itself because no one was listening the first time
"Conservatives are people who worship at the graves of dead radicals." Rev. Tony Campolo
“Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't," - Jerry Rice
“Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future.” Earl Nightingale
"One today is worth two tomorrow's.” - Benjamin Franklin
"Real G's move silent like lasagna." - Dwayne Michael Carter
"[Insane Clown Posse] actually delivered an album that comes close to fulfilling whatever promise their ridiculous, carnivalesque blend of hardcore hip hop and shock-metal had in the first place"-Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic in his review of The Amazing Jeckel Brothers
Love Your Life: The best way to get things done is to simply begin.
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.- Frank Dane
"Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition—in having to put forth the best within you." — Henry J. Kaiser (1882-1967) "How to Capture Life's Greatest Values," Reader's Digest, January 1950
"If we have to exhale even the breath we inhale, we own nothing [in this mortal life]." -Necip Fazil Kisakurek
"Let us all take a lesson from Caitlyn Jenner in 2016, and leave the dicks in 2015" - Turkery
"Discipline is the highest form of love. If you really love someone, you have to give them the level of discipline they need." -Tom Izzo
"It was probable that there were some millions of proles for whom the Lottery was the principal if not the only reason for remaining alive. It was their delight, their folly, their anodyne, their intellectual stimulant."
The common traits that people across all creative fields seemed to have in common...
"Do not be too hard , less you be broken; do not be too soft lest you be squeezed." -Anonyomous
Why can't I just escape reality for one second- me
"Nudity is the gateway to awesomeness." -Brendon Urie
Waiting is a sign of true love and patience.
Whenever you sense your ego rising take a look at the tallest structures in your city, you'll know how small you are in this ever-expanding world.
"I must create a system, or be enslav'd by another Man's" -- William Blake
Anyone who learns the true and hidden nature of the world will be terrified, Oddie, but there's a safe harbor past the terror.
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. - Ninth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States
“Yesterday, you said tomorrow.” Nike
“It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.” J. Krishnamurti
"Welcome to the Hall of Toast! Here we have the one slice, which soon became obsolete with the invention of the two slice! But man was restless...and so he came up with the four slice!" - Late Night with David Letterman
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone. – Harriet Beecher Stowe
“The world would be a nicer place if everyone had the ability to love as unconditionally as a dog.” – M.K. Clinton
"The great question that has never been answered and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is 'What does a woman want?'" — Sigmund Freud (1856-1939) Said to Marie Bonaparte and quoted by Ernest Jones in The Life and Work of Sigmund…
Religion is a tool to keep people quiet while fucking them
"The farmer imagines power and place are fine things. But the President has paid dearly for his White House. It has commonly cost him all his peace and the best of his manly attributes..." - Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Compensation"
"What is past is past. Never go back. Not for excuses. Not for justification, not for happiness. You are what you are, the world is what it is."
Thoughts are emotions masquerading as information
"I am quite correctly described as more of a sponge than an inventor." - Thomas Edison
"It is said that the present is pregnant with the future." Voltaire
If no one comes from the future trying to stop you how bad of an idea can it be? -anonymous
“If from infancy you treat children as gods, they are liable as adults to act as devils.” -- P.D. James
"Having an education is one thing, being educated is another." -Lee Kuan Yew
“Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, 'Where have I gone wrong'. Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.” ― Charles M. Schulz
"The worst pain is coming to the realization of a love that never existed" -Unknown
“For you, I was a chapter. For me, you were the book. ― Tom McNeal
You're gone n I gotta bang random dudes all the time to keep you off my mind-me
“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.” - Alber Einstein
"Whoever said money can't buy happiness was never broke and have a ton of debt." - Me
“If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.” Robert Schuller
Think Deep is interested in wisdom quotes
“If a man hasn’t found something he will die for, he isn’t fit to live.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential.” Winston Churchill
There are all kinds of love in the world, but never the same love twice.- F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Our blight is ideologies—they are the long-expected Anti-Christ!" —Carl Jung (1875-1961) The Tibetan Book of the Great Liberation (1954)
"Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it." — Laurence J. Peter (1919-1990) Peter's Quotations, "Originality" (page 362) (1977)
"Our civilization represses not only ‘the instincts’, not only sexuality, but any form of transcendence. Among one-dimensional men, it is not surprising that someone with an insistent experience of other dimensions, that he cannot entirely deny or forget..."
Readiness is all. -William Shakespeare
It takes both sides to build the bridge ...
"Life rarely goes as planned. For every person that succeeds in doing exactly what they set out to do in the exact time frame they set out to do it in, there are dozens of others who start strong and get derailed. And if this happens to you, it isn’t a bad thing" Marcandangel
"Bobby, somethings in life are like a tire fire. the best thing you can do is grab a beer and watch it burn...Yep grab a beer and watch it burn." -Hank Hill
Napoleon Bonaparte: ~ Quote-n-SMS
Good is often misutlized by people.
'' I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.'' -Michael Jordan
"When we can identify a problem and face the problem with confidence and enthusiasm, the solution is on the way." -Zig Ziglar
The six stages of production: (1) wild enthusiasm (2) utter despair (3) total confusion (4) the search for the guilty (5) the persecution of the innocent (6) the promotion of the incompetent.- Roger Rothstein
“If you create an act, you create a habit. If you create a habit, you create a character. If you create a character, you create a destiny.” – Andre Maurois
"I don't know where I'm going from here, but I promise it won't be boring" - David Bowie
"The Facility of Quotation covers an absence of the Original Thought"- Jonny Lee Miller , Elementary
“Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.” Unknown
"Rejection and isolation are the truest causes of monstrosity." - The Void (The Jackets: Sundering the Jail by Christopher Riordan Jones)
I can't pretend these tears aren't over flowing steadily, I can't prevent this hurt from almost overtaking me but I will stand and say goodbye for you'll never be mine- Mariah Butterfly
All girls are gonna be crazy in some way- me
«Evils which are patiently endured when they seem inevitable, becomes intolerable when once the idea of escape from them is suggested» –Alexis de Tocqueville
Stay Hungry Stay Foolish By Steve Jobs
A olive pit props up the whole barrel of olives
Looking for a quote that goes along the line of "not sending my men to do something I wouldn't do"?
You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to your informed opinion. No one is entitled to be ignorant. - Harlan Ellison
"Obstinency is not for removed from folley" Teiresias, from Antigone (Sophocles)
“It is not I who create myself, rather I happen to myself.” - Carl Jung
"Dog is man's best wingman" - Cesar Millan
"Talking to yourself is okay. Answering back is risky." - Brian Spellman
Something happened on the day he died/Spirit rose a metre and stepped aside/Somebody else took his place, and bravely cried/"I’m a blackstar" -- David Bowie
Life on earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place.
"Don't talk unless you can improve the silence." - Jorge Luis Borges
"You can't put your feet on the ground until you've touched the sky." - Paul Auster
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-Kahlil Gibran Quotes
“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.” -Donald Trump
"Zero inflation, or even a slow, steady, and widely expected deflation, are in fact much better in the long run." - Prof John Cochrane, Chicago University
"In 1969 I gave up women and alcohol and it was the worst 20 minutes of my life." - George Best
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” William James
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. Bertrand Russell
"If we had no pride, we would not complain of the pride of others" - La Rochefoucauld
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who will realize it after they have lost you.
"For every 10, there's at least 1 guy who's tired of fucking her."
“Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.” Oscar Wilde
"I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. I said, "I don't know." -Mark Twain
"Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand." -Thomas Carlyle
“It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.” Lucille Ball
1000 Best Whatsapp Status of 2015
“We cling to music, to poems, to quotes, to writing, to art, because we desperately want to feel together. We want to know that we are not going crazy and that somewhere else out there, someone is feeling exactly what you are feeling. - Unknown
“You are awesome.” Unknown
"It's a wacky race. I really believe this: Expect the unexpected." -Bill Self
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.- Napoleon Bonaparte
Our country really needs to understand, if people in this nation understood what our foreign policy is really about, what foreign aid is about, how our corporations work, where our tax money goes, I know we will demand change. - John Perkins (Confessions of an Economic Hit Man)
The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, 'Is there a meaning to music?' My answer would be, 'Yes.' And 'Can you state in so many words what the meaning is?' My answer to that would be, 'No.' -Aaron Copland
Never talk, just to make sound. [me]
Parting is all we know of heaven, and all we need of hell. – Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Who Said "One Good Thing About Music | When It Hits You Feel No Pain"?
I can't pretend these tears aren't over flowing steadily, I can't prevent this hurt from almost overtaking me but I will stand and say goodbye for you'll never be mine- Marian Butterfly
The class which has the power to rob upon a large scale has also the power to control the government and legalize their robbery. - Eugene Victor Debs
"Only Losers Complain" -Vince Lombardi
"Sometimes I go about in pity for myself, and all the while, a great wind carries me across the sky." -Ojibwe Saying
"Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime." — Mark Twain (1835-1910) The Innocents…
If this constant bitter disappointment was love, then I was perfectly fine not to have anything to do with it. --- Shanghai Nobody, Vann Chow
"The best things in life are not always the easiest achieved... Often it is what you work hardest at that rewards you greatest... Work hard for those &amp; work hard wisely"
You know what talent is? The curse of expectation. - Stephen King
“When you lose touch with inner stillness, you lose touch with yourself. When you lose touch with yourself, you lose yourself in the world.” — Eckhart Tolle
Don't follow your dreams... Chase them down!
"The kids were just crass - He was the nazz - With God-given ass - He took it all too far - But, boy, could he play guitar" - Bowie
"Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies." — Nelson Mandela
"It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life." - anonymous
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." Maya Angelou
"Everybody here has a smartphone, and I'm just sitting here with an Opera..." Me A.K.A Jeremiah Asher
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. – Wayne Dyer
selfishness is good for health if you understand deeply yourself. - Ram Gopal Singh
"Such things may be imagined, but words have no power to impress the mind with the exquisite horror of their reality." - Edgar Allan Poe
“When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.” Lao Tzu
[REQUEST] Quote for my parents on their anniversary.
"I ask for so little. Just fear me, love me, do as I say and I will be your slave." ~Jareth Quinn - Labyrinth
"Don't ever be afraid to show who you really are, because as long as you are happy with yourself, no one else's opinion matters. "
"Use everything against you to steer you closer to your dreams and goals"
"I believe that in ways large and small, peaceful and sometimes violent, that the biggest threat to the future of our children and grandchildren is the poison of identity politics that preaches that our differences are far more important than our common humanity" - Bill Clinton
Ghosts, like ladies, never speak till spoke to.- Richard Harris Barham
"Any woman who through the use of false hair, Spanish hair pads, make-up, false hips, steel busks, panniers, high heeled shoes, or other devices leads a subject of Her Majesty into marriage, shall be punished with the penalties of witchcraft." — Elizabeth I (1533-1603) Edict
“You deserved better. We all did. Be angry enough to try and get what you want, and let it propel you forward.” Rose Lalonde
"If at first you don't succeed, so much for skydiving" - Henny Youngman.
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words may break my heart."
"Fools, said I, You do not know/Silence like a cancer grows"- Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel
“I’m not highly aware. I’m self aware.” - Hikigaya Hachiman
"People make you laugh?" -Morgana "They do." -Merlin "Why?" -Morgana "They dont know how close they live to the edge of delight or disaster. Happiness or horror." -Merlin {Excalibur}
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” Martin Luther King Jr.
Cooking is like love. IT should be entered into with abandon or not at all. - Harriet Van Horne
Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.- Donald Trump
Death is winning, do something [who quoted this?]
"All the days that you wake up you have one job and that's to get better, every single day." -Derrick Rose
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.- William Shakespeare
'' Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. '' Confucius
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
If you want your life to be different, you have to start reacting to life differently - Bryant Mcgill
"‎Faith‬ &amp; ‪‎Prayer‬ both are invisible, but they make ‪‎impossible‬ things ‪‎possible‬"
We do not remember days, we remember moments. - Cesare Pavese
The only serious question in life is whether to kill yourself or not. – Albert Camus
Failure is not an option, it's a choice.
Let our position be absolutely clear: An attempt by any outside force to gain control of the Persian Gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States of America, and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary, including military force. —Jimmy Carter
We live in the kind of world where we can teach primates how to live in space yet the gal at McDonald's can't get my biscuit right. -Me
"Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing." CAMILLE PISSARRO
Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world. If you do so you are insulting yourself - Bill Gates
"I have often thought that in the hereafter of our lives, when I owe no more to the future and can be just a man, that we may meet, and you will come to me and claim me as yours, and know that I am your husband. It is a dream I have." -Arthur, to Guenevere {Excalibur}
"A fly, Sir, may sting a stately horse and make him wince; but one is but an insect, and the other is a horse still." -Samuel Johnson
Quote of the Day January 30
"when I'm 80 years old sitting in my rocking chair, i'll be reading Harry Potter. And my family will say to me, 'After all this time?' And I will say 'Always'"
"Fools names and fools faces often appear in public places" - My Grandfather
"Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: reality and the moral law potentially created by it"
"It is absurd to think that the only way to tell if a poem is lasting is to wait and see if it lasts. The right reader of a good poem can tell the moment it strikes him that he has taken an immortal wound—that he will never get over it." — Robert Frost (1875-1963) "The Poetry of Amy Lowell,"…
I'm feeling a little nervous about going into a new classroom tomorrow. What if people think I'm a nerd? What if it's too normal? I want to stay here, where everything is crazy, and we can be ourselves without worrying what anyone will think. That's how I learn best, when I can be free..
[Request] Either Richard Dawkins, Bill Nye, or Neil deGrasse Tyson said this.
"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." Martin Luther King Jr.
A human life is a story told by God. - - Hans Christian Andersen
"Eddie would go" Eddie Aikau
“If You Are The Smartest Person In The Room, Then You Are In The Wrong Room.” - Michael Dell
"Fools and scissors require good handling." - Old Japanese Saying
"The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." -Winston Churchill
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are." - Joseph Campbell
Hold out for someone that makes the wait for them worth it. -Anonymous
"Knowledge itself is power." — Francis Bacon (1561-1626) "On Heresies," Sacred Meditations (1597)
“The Spirit of the Individual is determined by his Dominating Thought Habits.” Bruce Lee
[Referring to the biblical flood] The thing I didn't get is that they say these stories are from all around the world. The first thing that jumped to my mind was "Who's telling these stories?" I thought everyone died, apart from those eight people. —Miles Power
«Evils which are patiently endured when they seem inevitable, become intolerable when once the idea of escape from them is suggested» –Alexis de Tocqueville, 1856
"I believe that forgiving them is God’s function. Our job is to arrange the meeting." - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf when asked if the United States could forgive those who harbored and aided terrorists.
Fight on, my men
Be an enemy of tyrants and oppressors and be a friend and helper of those who are oppressed and tyrannized." - Ali Ibn e Abi Talib
"We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions.” Unknown
"We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are." - J.K. Rowling
"Shallow understanding from people of goodwill is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection." -MLK
For the first time, I am ashamed to be a German. - Wilhelm II after Hitler's kristallnacht
There is a way everything works even if we dont yet know what it is --Ben Rayfield
"Smile lines signify deep emotional roots which are not shaken by every passing storm, or they signal to others that you're an insincere bastard. Perhaps both, I'll take a bit of insincerity along with a grin in the tempests howl any day."
“Call a jack a jack. Call a spade a spade. But always call a whore a lady. Their lives are hard enough, and it never hurts to be polite.” - Pat Rothfuss
"It’s very strange,” said Mr. Dick … “that I never can get that quite right; I never can make that perfectly clear.” - Charles Dickens
Short Christian Mothers Day Poems And Quotes From Son, Daughter, Kids
"To the dull mind all nature is leaden. To the illumined mind the whole world burns and sparkles with light." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you're having a bad day, here's a fun little quote that will at least get you to grin if not chuckle.
"I'm not playing for other people; if I start thinking in those terms I would put too much pressure on myself. I play basketball because that is what I love to do." -Jeremy Lin
"If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done." - Thomas Jefferson
behind every cynic is a lover with a broken heart
allinallisallweallare -Kurt Cobain
“If you don't like where you are, change it. You're not a tree.” Jim Rohn
Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy the mad daughter of a wise mother. These daughters have too long dominated the earth. - Voltaire
"When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet" ― Steve Maraboli
You may gain temporary appeasement by a policy of concession to violence, but you do not gain lasting peace that way. - Anthony Eden
"The black middle class does not reflect a lowering of racist barriers in occupations so much as the opposite: racism is so entrenched that without government intervention there would be little 'progress' to boast about," - Stephen Steinberg in reference to affirmative action
The Intellectual is someone who meddles in what does not concern him. - Jean-Paul Sartre
“The snow doesn't give a soft white damn whom it touches.” ― E.E. Cummings
"success is not the key to happiness, happiness is the key to success. if you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
"It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give up because by that time I was too famous."
‪#‎Quotes‬ by ‪#‎VictorManickam‬
Warren Bennis &gt;Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Speak only if it improves upon the silence. – Mahatma Gandhi
Happiness Quotes
"The genius thing we did was- we didn't give up" Jay Z
“There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.” -Peter F. Drucker
"There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." – Arthur Conan Doyle
"So, we'll go no more a roving / So late into the night, / Though the heart be still as loving, / And the moon be still as bright." — Lord Byron (1788-1824) "So, We'll Go No More A Roving," Letter to Thomas Moore, February 28, 1817
"Never give up, never give in. There is always an answer to everything" - Unknown.
There are no good cops. - Robert Higgs
"If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it." -Michael Jordan
Our anger and annoyance are more detrimental to us than the things themselves which anger or annoy us. -- Marcus Aurelius
“Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.” ― Albert Einstein
"Fools fear Gods. Wise fears fools."﻿
The world is going MAD (1 - min(Mutually Assured Destruction)), and I've never felt safer. --Minimax
“When you see a person without a smile, give them one of yours.” Zig Ziglar
“Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential.” Liane Cordes (1981) [Also attributed to Winston Churchill]
"I didnt know how empty was my soul until it was filled." -Arthur {Excalibur}
Did Voltaire really say that the lottery was a tax on stupidity?
"1. Anything that is in the world when you're born is normal and ordinary and is just a natural part of the way the world works. 2. Anything that's invented between when you're fifteen and thirty-five is new and exciting and revolutionary and you can probably get a career in it. 3. Anything…
"In order to succeed, we must first believe we can."-Nikos Kazantzakis
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going."-Sam Levenson
"What you just heard... Was logic." -Theodore Bronev
"A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea." Honoré de Balzac
"You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap" - Dolly Parton
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.” ― W. Somerset Maugham
"A heart makes a good home for the friend." Yunus Emre
"The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind" - Humphrey bogart
Found myself whining over grad school tuition rising each semester. My 85-year-old Grandma responds [loosely translated from Punjabi]- "Education is expensive, but no education is indeed more expensive"
["Do not be too hard , less you be broken; do not be too soft lest you be squeezed."](http://i.imgur.com/ByTBX5s.jpg) [source]( http://think-deep.org/wisdom/do-not-be-too-hard-less-you-be-broken-do-not-be-too-soft-lest-you-be-squeezed)
Another Great Movie Card
Don't put your all eggs in one basket -Unknown
You know "that look" women get when they want sex? Me neither. - Steve Martin
"Bullshit, it penetrates and surrounds us" -Mike Pesca, The Gist
Best Quote For every person
Life lesson from Rocky!
In the Soviet Union, it's takes more courage to retreat than advance. -Joseph Stalin
"Under capitalism man exploits man. And under Communism it is just the reverse." — John Kenneth Galbraith (1908-2006) A Life in Our Times (1981)
Brendan Behan, Irish poet, author, playwright
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says " I'm Possible" - Audrey Hepburn
"Do you know that voice in your head telling you to travel? Listen to it. Because 10 years from now you'll wish you had."
"Depression is living a body that tries to survive, with a mind that tries to die. " - unknown
I do not spend time on an activity, I invest time in it - James Doyle Founder of #jamso
Don't practice until you get it right, practice until you can't get it wrong. - My HS band teacher
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.- Henry Van Dyke
Seeking a quote about math
“Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words.” ~ George Eliot
Faith is believing what you know ain't so. - Mark Twain
"Nobody wins in an argument of opinions" - /u/callmewonton
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -Aristotle
“If we’re not careful we can require our own version of perfection and ignore a different perfection right in front of our eyes.” - Unknown
God sometimes removes a person from your life for your protection. Don't run after them - Rick Warren
Anyone who has had a shower has had a great idea, it's the people who dry off and do something about it that have the greatest success.
If all the girls who attended the Yale prom were laid end to end---I shouldn't be at all surprised. -- Dorothy Parker
“I’m closer to the Golden Dawn...Immersed in Crowley’s uniform...I’m not a prophet or a storage man...Just a mortal with potential of a superman” – Quicksand
"So convenient a thing it is to be a reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for everything one has a mind to do." --Benjamin Franklin
"If a lot of people love each other, the world will be a better place." - Tommy Wiseau
"We buy balloons, we let them go. " - Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho
“You don’t have to like me, I’m not a Facebook status.” - Wiz Khalifa
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.- Edmund Hillary
Theres not a woman that Ive crossed paths with that i haven't fallen in love with, whether it was for 10 minutes or 10 years - Hank Moodys dad, Californication, S1E8
"If we do not discipline ourselves the world will do it for us." - William Feather
"It is so much easier to scare than to give hope" - Albert Sting
It is fucking amazing.....
Each day I am thankful for nights that turned into mornings friends that turned into family dreams that turned into reality and likes that turned into love.
You're only given a little spark of madness. And if you lose that, you're nothing.- Robin Williams
No one is afraid of heights, they're afraid of falling down. No one is afraid of saying I love you, they're afraid of the answer... – Kurt D. Cobain
A World Without Walls, Bridging Humanity Piece by Peace
Help with a quote?
[QUESTION] Can't find a quote.
"I use the media the way the media uses me -- to attract attention." - Donald Trump
“Never give up. Never let things out of your control dictate who you are.” Unknown
