Finally, have time to game again! What's hot and hip nowadays?
Tell me about your Changeling the Lost character.
Gift giving for my DM
My Players aren't happy with the story. How can I help them?
Trying to track down Indie Mixtape Vol 1-3
Looking for pointers on a Doctor Who game.
A thought about making games (or why you should reconsider that universal system
I want to start DMing, my friends want to start playing RPGs, but we can't agree on a setting.
Trying to find a collective rule post
My players have some troubles with playing their characters
Railroading the first play-session of a sandbox
Music tips appreciated for dungeon crawl
Looking to hold a Call of Cthulhu campaign/play CoC for the first time, where do I start?
[Shark Bone Podcast] Sandbox Ep 23 - Skull Island
Cinemechanix Design Journal 1
[Shadow of the Demon Lord] Magician Novice Path
Is there a good Land-based Military Sci-Fi RPG with good vehicle combat rules?
Simple RPG for "older people"
Within the next week, I'll be running DnD 5e. It's the first game I've ever GM'd.
[Actual Play SW: F&amp;D] Dice For Brains Podcast | Episode 8
Game idea: Huge caravan
Log Horizon - Any Single payer games similar?
Me and my cousin have been making a table top game for a few years now, and we'd love to let you guys watch the Devlopment process!
Looking for non-magic RPG
Tabletop RPGs without Charisma
What sort of things would you as players want in a game based around both solving crimes and fighting extra-dimensional entities?
Is Pathfinder going to update its rules to 5e now?
Need help finding a program.
Are there any games where low rolls are better?
Update: So my entire RPG collection went missing...
Wanting to run Shadowrun 4th edition for myself with Mythic as the GME
[REQUEST] Need a game system for offline SRD web app
ONE SHOT: Urban Shadows Part 1
Shadow of the Demon Lord magic question.
PC arc-driven plotting
Modern Game D100 Random chart for looting Houses, garages, storage units.
Um RPG de mesa sobre trambiqueiros e lutadores de rua, sobre amor, ódio e comunidade – nos últimos dias do Rio imperial.
Looking for background music? I have an archive of 60 fantasy inspired tracks ready in a single playlist and available to download.
1 hour of Lovecraftian horror ambience I found splendid for DMing creepy sessions
A Survey into RPG's
[Kickstarter] 50 Fantasy RPG Dungeon Gaming Maps
Return to Ravenloft | Dungeons &amp; Dragons
Cinemechanix Design Journal 2
Limited release T-Shirt for the RPG player who likes beer: $19.99
LPT: Make yourself a character sheet, and be honest about it. Then, take this year to level up specific stats and abilities.
Is anyone else playing Legacy: Life Among The Ruins?
Where should PCs stand in society?
I need names for spaceships!
Planning on running a high fantasy civil war campaign, need help deciding on the system.
Murder Mystery Post Mortem
How many players is too many players?
Fate 2E Dice Pools (sorta) in Fate Core
Does anyone have any suggestions or experience in making a "Previously On' video for a campaign?
Is there a subreddit where we can play RPG games?
Tarot Cards Can Give NPCs Depth
[PF/3.5/General Fantasy] Looking for endgame ideas, campaign based on Chris Perkins' Valoreign
[Numenera] The Division/Pandemic Adventure, Advice Needed!
What is your gaming groups inside jokes? How did you get them?
So I made a quick one-shot RPG system
Best system to convert an existing story-based adventure to?
Masterwork Games
Looking for a character appearance creator UI
[3.5] Lost an arm. Need some help.
Bringing back Tri-Stat dX
Help making an interesting glory/decay mechanic
Why Character Optimization Isn't Bad (Explaining The Stormwind Fallacy) [cross post from /r/3d6]
Spells for drow eldritch knight?
Are you the "Demo Person" of your group?
50 Fantasy RPG Dungeon Gaming Maps
How my brother, a first time wargamer, impressed two veterans.
[Online][RPG][40k][ONLYWAR]1-2 people looking to play ONLY WAR
Any love for oldschool text-based browser MMORPGs? A new one just came out less than 12 hours ago, currently at 350+ players and rising.
Question regarding 5th Edition of D&amp;D and upcoming Castle Ravenloft release?
Use google spreadsheets to make robust random tables
Complete Star System generators?
Problem with modern setting with futuristic elements in it.
"You don't find anything". The npc helps and there's a new lead...
System for Low Magic West Marches style game
Which do you prefer, rules light or heavy RPGs, and why?
This is how I always do it: an Archer-inspired game report
I'm working on a varied rule set for a campaign. In order to balance my new currency, I'm asking you guys to post your favorite starter equipment!
Players Building Characters of Differing Skill
One Off Session "You are All Going to Die Tonight" - Heroes Unltd.
Adventure modules similar to Tower of the Stargazer (or at least with a strong focus on exploration and interaction with the environment)?
Let me hear your wizard ideas!
The Worst Adventure of All Times - A Discussion about GMing the Tomb of Horrors
I'm writing a pirate campaign, for warhammer fantasy RP, I need ideas of things to do and jobs on the ship. Thanks!
Risus is now on DriveThruRPG. Groovy!
Twitch Plays Star Frontiers. Tonight @7 CT
Atomic Robo RPG Suppliment: Majestic 12 funded on Kickstarter!
LUG - Light Universal Generic - Constructive Criticism Welcome
[GM Tips] Planning a Sequel to your Story Arc
[Kickstarter]Accursed: World of Morden - Expanding a setting where Monsters fight for Redemption
RPG Origin: Contribute your opinions!
Looking for a stupid cat video with DND subtitles.
Easy-to-Use, Quick To Learn and Funny Systems?
Is there anything I can do to make downloads easier on drivethrurpg?
One hour initiation ?
Help Choosing a System
Death by Paper cuts - The one thing I can't stand about AC
Co-DM sister campaigns? Is it possible?
Fate: Expanse hack
Brutal Dungeon Crawler Help
God Machine Chronicle, Arm Wrack (other physical tilts)
Problem with a player - and we don't quite know what to do
[Monsterhearts Actual Play] Manic Pixie's Nightmare Girl
Barbarians of Lemura: How would it handle these kinds of spells?
Text-based political simulator
A hilarious death.
RPGs in Santa Monica / West LA?
Tabletop Simulator for RPG?
What's the best re-purposing/re-skinning of a classic story that you've told in your fantasy world?
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
Ikrand presents: Start GMing! a live podcast for newcomers to the TRPG scene - live in 50 minutes aka 7pm CET (6pm EST)
Just completed the first section of an SRD5 site I'm building. Let me know what you think.
Everyone is John font?
Rolling a 1 (crosspost from r/gifs)
[Call of Cthulhu] When to roll for sanity?
Clockwork: Dominion actual play.
Looking for user-generated content repository, especially for battle/location maps
Comparing the 5e's (D&amp;D 5e v Shadowrun 5e) - Difficulty of game mechanics
Alternate RPG systems
Seeking recommendations for a quick-to-learn cyberpunk system
Help wanted with Downtime in WH40K games
Roll20 vs Maptools vs Fantasy Grounds
A List Of Things That Are Cool
Whats your favorite generic rule system for sci-fi? And why?
Need help coming up with cliches for a humor campaign. What are your most hackneyed, overdone, and predictable plots?
Please let people know if your going to leave a game.
Pimp My McGuffin, or Help! My PC's Are About to Achieve Ultimate Power!
Need some basic hooks for tonight: pcs start by waking up in the underworld.
Urban fantasy games where players can dabble in magic?
Trying to find a book on fantasy RPG ecomonics
I'm planning on running a game of The Strange within a world that the Nazi's won the war - but I want to keep it LIGHT and FUNNY, ideas?
I just picked up Dungeon World and I have some questions.
Advice: I don't want to gm anymore
Metro 2033 D&amp;D character sheets
Lightweight Roleplaying System
Tavern Tales Character Builder Contest
Experiences with Zalozhniy Quartet or Dracula Dossier?
Picked up some treasure today!
Does anyone have any experience on Fallout Big Apple Wasteland RPG?
A good version of "Call of Cthulhu" for start playing?
Running underwater encounters -- tips, stories and ideas
[D&amp;D 5e] Regarding justice and toxic player death
I pressed random subreddit and decided to get involved in the first one that came up, and I got /r/RPG! Can anyone give me tips on, say, good RPGs, places to start, etc.?
Good place to get modern day maps?
Ever had a game where you had more fun creating a character than actually playing it?
RolePlaying groups
Psychic/Telepathy RPGs
What game am I looking for? Is Achtung! Cthulu it?
Gauging Interest for a Zoids-related RPG Project
Big expansion to Mutant Year Zero now live on Kickstarter
How interesting are Germany and France for urban fantasy?
Podcast with CPPN to talk about EVERYVERSE RPG
What was the best superhero RPG product in 2015? Vote now
Building Tabletop Myths
[Video] ATTENTION RPG players, if you want a coop RPG, SECRETS OF GRINDEA is where it's at!!!
Guess I am buying 5th Edition of D&amp;D...
Found this chart today
Today was game day, and also my birthday. I got an awesome present. A handmade leather map case for my canvas print maps!
Your Favorite Puzzle
LUG - Lite Universal Generic Rpg Looking for Constructive Criticism
Are you looking to make your own RPG? Important advice inside.
Would this make a good tabletop RPG?
Stacking maps?
Critique my Plot Hook (Straight to VHS)
[Monsterhearts Actual Play] Roll to Sext
Sum up the Pathfinder Adventures Paths for me!
Handy Dungeon Mapping Software that will also let me print a Dungeon Map?
Any math guru want to help determine dice probability for my homebrew?
Running "Masks of Nyarlathotep" (x-post /r/CallofCthulhu)
Rites of passage [story help]
Alternative mass combat in Pathfinder
I need an adaptable lite system.
A comic book style AAR for a Judge Dredd game
Magic to its logical extreme.
I'm looking to make a murder mystery one-shot that will pit PCs against each other in paranoia. Thoughts/tips appreciated.
Understanding DM’s Guild &amp; 5th Edition SRD / OGL
Reviving an old campaign setting
Nifty cast gaming dice Kickstarter
Hello RPG, Starting at 6:30pm CST tonight, I am streaming a DCCRPG game. If you are not familiar, it is an updated version of AD&amp;D.
Creative Commons License Questions
Help Putting Together A Short RPG Lesson For My Classmates
Thinking about writing a little RPG for my little sister
How do you handle recaps?
How to Implement a Crafting System into D&amp;D
Does anyone use lite RPG games for long-duration campaigns? Why?
How do other GMs prepare their sessions, adventures, and campaigns? What do your notes look like? Good GM Preparation Tips?
Star Wars Surveillance Bugs
Savage Worlds Skills / Attributes
[Shadow Of The Demon Lord] Has blown me away...but now what to do with it?
I tried gming again, realized I'm terrible at it.
How much to expect from the players?
multiple currencies and galactic stock markets
What is your opinion on using background music?
How to Build Jaqen H'ghar "The Faceless Man" in The Pathfinder RPG
Blades in the Dark digital edition Early Access on DriveThruRPG
[Self Promoting] The third and final episode of our frist D&amp;D 5e/Tabletop Sim game
A Giant in Xuun: Introduction
Attack of the D&amp;D / RPG Memes!
Best place to get copies of 1e AD&amp;D rulebooks? (UK)
Fragged Empire Lore: Kaltorans
Pokemon: "Friendship Over Slavery" System Required
Alternative to Mutants and Masterminds?
Help requested. When the players have wandered to parts unknown, what's a villain to do?
Looking for System for Fantasy Mob/Gang game
Practical RPG dungeon design advice
New to this all, What is a good starting game?
Games you hate most of all
First edition dungeons and dragons
Magic World RPG
Good digital tools for Campaign Managing?
Quill: A Letter-Writing Roleplaying Game for a Single Player
Lessons for Improv GMs
I've had some people ask me about it lately so I wanted to re-post my groups Virtual Tabletop setup. Hope you like it!
What are some tropes that you actually like?
Dealing with a difficult player and players who don't like each-other.
Services for pdf printing? (Canada)
Alternatives to Obsidian Portal
Game of thrones D20
Is there any premade Temple of Jing maps for Roll20?
Help creating magic cities
Where all the modern campaigns?
New Traveller - Seeking Adventure Ideas
Mysteries of the Yōkai: A Tabletop RPG Inspired by Japanese Folklore
Dice or No Dice?
A Kickstarted that I missed.
What's a good system for a survival game?
Help with Slayer archer build in pathfinder
RPG World Making Project
So here's the list of stuff that wants to kill us
Villain naming help
Dust An Elysian Tail 『Modo Historia』Parte #4
Looking for a new rpg video game!
How do you guys deal with anxiety?
Qualities from Shadowrun in other systems?
Ranger class with more than one animal companion
Working on a GURPS Traveller "Space Mercs" campaign. I need some insipration from movies or novels.
DM'd a rules-lite homebrew RPG, players now want it to be semi-serious with more solid rules, how should I proceed?
Ideas for what system to use
D&amp;D Quest Ideas
13th Age and Roll20 DM Fatigue
[Request] Star Wars Tokens
Does anyone know a simple system that could be used for ESL students?
Help: Looking for a Point Based PnP RPG that was a Mech\Power Suit creator!
Advice on Noir RPGs
New to NWOD, can anyone please give me a TL;DR of werewolf the forsaken? I'm having trouble
GMs! Assemble !! (need help with a HBw battle system)
Psionic powers
a question of minis
Random magical effects generator for Android
I may have pissed off the Lady of Pain... Send help.
Not sure what to do about an overly competitive player who's ruining the fun for everyone else.
How to be more descriptive as a GM?
Two-player RPG system / adaptation?
Star Wars Force and Destiny or Age of Rebellion?
Trying to remember an rpg; each player played an angel or something AND a demonic voice in the head of someone ELSE'S character, trying to tempt them.
Is gridless play the happy medium between miniatures play and theatre of the mind?
The Three Clue Rule. How to make your PCs actually care about that mystical thingamabob you want them to find.
GURPS Calculator - v2.1.1, Trait Sorter Enhancements!
[Actual Play] Field Trip into Rokugan ep 4 - Kaminari from The Rpg Academy ( that's me ) and featuring James and Kat from One Shot and Jim from Talking Tabletop
Reasonable freeform magic system
February's Indie RPG of the Month is Dogs in the Vineyard by D.Vincent Baker.
Proper gear leveling in 3.5e
Newbie GM and new on Reddit asking for Trinket Ideas
Making a(n) rpg. Looking for ideas.
New GM, starting a new star wars campaign. Could use help.
Graphical (UI) icons to represent fantasy RPG themes?
Would a wildling profession be similar to a hunter/tracker?
I need Wizard Towers, and possibly Wizards to put in them
Best pre made rpg adventures?
Looking for a fun system to run a game set in the world of the anime/manga 'Fairy Tail'.
Help with my first 5e character
Can anyone recommend a post apocolyptic dark urban fantasy system? Something involving occult/eldritch horror
Probably Writing An Argumentative Essay About D&amp;D
STAR WARS: Gaming in the Resistance Era [POTENTIAL SPOILERS]
Your dwarves all speak a distinct accent and dialect that is NOT Scottish. What do they sound like and why?
Hidden Kingdom – Role-playing in Arthur's Britain – Leading Your Army – Part 9 of 27 Unique Game Features.
Looking for a Multiplayer RPG for small groups of friends
Looking for suggestions for castle/community management system as well as large scale combat system.
Legend of the Five Rings
Expedition to the Barrier Peaks for Pathfinder/5e
How would you build Steven Quartz Universe in D&amp;D or Pathfinder?
Engine that (at least decently) models heroes and civilians?
I review Mouse Guard 2nd Edition...
is there a low fantasy modern rpg out there?
Be a better Storyteller,Develop your villains.
Digital RPG battle engine
Can somebody help me with some world building? I have a fantasy RPG and I need a bit of help with a lore decisions... thanks!
Help me find a title...
[video] Understanding and Hacking Blades in the Dark (part I and II)
Spotify playlist for RP
HP: Additive or Subtractive?
Am I in The Wrong? (Questionable Character concept according to some)
When the DM forgets his minis
Is Savage Worlds good for long campaigns ?
Roll 20 Rolls out a Free 5th Edition SRD Update
RPG Table for DT Project Survey
[rpg] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:nadaaaaaaaio
Horror Fantasy
Tell me about you most inadvertently powerful characters
What is the best name you got from the real world?
Name a "setting" where an adventure could take place. Let me see your creative side.
Looking for an RPG recommendation based on Alastair Reynold's Revelation Space universe.
Can't decide on a system for my game
How to run Session Zero.
[Free Paper Mini] If you use such things, here's a thief who's a little cat-like.
Do you give your pcs a world map?
RPGs that use the metric system?
Rules-Heavy Vs. Rules-Light
Build of some hardwood gaming grids we made.
So... we played 'How We Came To Live Here'... Advice on how to improve it?
Traveller Core Rulebook has a new version available now that takes the popular science-fiction tabletop RPG into the 21st Century!
Rolling a 1 (crosspost from r/gifs)
This was posted in regards to beer pong by _slevin, but it just makes me want to invent a tabletop game using them.
Does anyone know any coupon codes for Cubicle 7's web store?
It's that time again!
New video series Ep1: World Building for Dummies.
Dealing with System Burnout
Lets share our favorite characters of our own creation so there legends live on far past their sheets ever will.
Idea for mmorpg that will change the way we play games
So I skipped a generation of gaming, and could use some suggestions...
Investigation Games - Hints and Tips?
GMing and playing a character at the same time. Thoughts?
Need GM Advice - how to make a good investigation/mystery story
Victorian Burning Wheel?
[Actual Play Star Wars EotE] Red Shirt Down RPG Podcast | S1E1
What's the most sleazy or terrible thing one of your PC's/Party Members has done?
I'm about to sell Warhammer Fantasy RPG 1ºst ed for 47 bucks (usd), good price?
Taking Away Agency - Sometimes It's Good
D&amp;D 4e Tutorial?
7 Tips To Make You A Better Roleplayer
LUG (Lite Universal Generic) Rework
Have You Ever Wrapped One RPG Around Another?
Needing RPG fix
Has anyone tried co-op GMing before? How did it go, any tips?
Roll20 vs d20Pro
How many RPG games are you currently playing?
Help me make a game mechanic?
Worst players you had to deal with?
Tips and Tricks for the new game Crashlands! Including getting started with Crafting.
[rpg] Adult S*x Dаting Bаse ONLINE! Free ассess аvаilаble 3 hоurs. Hurry up!
What releases are you excited for in 2016?
skeptic This is not a dating site, is a search a partner for PRIVATE. NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT!
February's Indie RPG of the Month is *Dogs in the Vineyard* by D.Vincent Baker.
Masterwork Games - More than just a game store
Any good non-level based games that are current?
First Time GMing; Am I railroading a little too much?
I have a friend running a pbp of my system in a private sub. Looking for a few more players.
Combat vs. Platforming
What would be the best system for a STALKER based game?
Everyone is John.. Cena!
Anyone need DnD character art?
Request: Modern Zombie Table Top Background Music Suggestions
GPNPGS. Is this even worth showing to the world?
[Seeking Advice] 5e Warlock - Utilize more beyond combat
Any good systems for people to use rulers similar to Crusader Kings?
RPG's that allow for half-elf/half-orcs/tieflings/etc to be half-elf half-orc or half-elf half-dwarf instead of half-elf half-human?
40K RPG - Thoughts So Far
System/setting for a modern fantasy game?
A question for those familiar with the Unofficial d6 Mass Effect RPG
Interested in another player - advice?
Im trying to find the name on a simplified version of D&amp;D i played once.
Are there any fantasy RPGs that take place in modern time?
Critical Failures/Funny DND Stories
The Ongoing Adventures of 'Super Bundle'
Reviews of Fantasy Grounds
Did anyone ever play Alpha Omega?
What RPG's make up you essential collecetion?
Best books on Stronghold and Settlement management as a meta-game aspect?
GURPS 4e Spaceships: Traveller style scout ship.
Help for Damage Calculations for a Fallout/Fantasy Life Inspired RPG!
Some mental and physical traits for characters?
Any actual-play podcasts where the players can say a sentence correctly
Hello guys, some advice on DMing crime elements
Considering trying to run a casual Risus game tonight.
GM's Toolbox: Fine Tuning Your Gamemaster Skills
Lasers &amp; Feelings &amp; new players?
Gods and the affairs of men (and elves, and dwarves...)
Going to Gencon?
Recommend a tablet for table top gaming
Suggestions for a game suitable for 10 - 12 year olds?
Favourite background music?
SWRPG's Morality Mechanic for d20 Paladins
Aftermath! by FGU, the good, the bad, and the ugly!
How to make mythically simple magic item descriptions usable?
Gurps game set in Fallen London
Help Me Build: Miyazaki Above and Lovecraft Below.
A That Guy Post
Checking out DM'ing d20 Modern
Roman Campaign Chronicles
Potionpunk Fantasy - Balancing a new mechanic
Running a futuristic campaign?
How well do digital rulebooks hold up when displayed on an e-reader? Do some perform better than others?
Black Sails inspired me to write an asymmetrical PvPvGM storytelling game. I call it "Nassau," and this is the alpha ruleset. Feel free to playtest, leave feedback, or print it out, burn it, and send me pics.
Geek &amp; Sundry: Role-playing gamers have more empathy than non-gamers
Thank you, /r/rpg
Map Monday, get some free maps!
Tips for running Revised Recon?
What's the worst thing you can say about FATE?
Microlite20 Elder Scrolls?
I need some suggestions for monsters in a quest where the players traverse the GI tract of a 720' giant. [map inside]
How to create tension in a game where the player characters cannot die?
Favorite long-form story game?
Looking for military themed adventures,ideally for a fantasy setting.
DBZ tabletop game -items list.
Dming on Saturday in a mixed kinda RPG game with custom scenarios and par generated characters. Feedback on the hero's please
Anyone have ideas for cyberpunk adventures with a police theme that doesn't overly emphasize combat?
Getting Comfortable w/ Each Other in a New Group
What is your most beloved/hated dice system?
[Free Paper Mini] If you use such things, here's a wealthy merchant. A wonderful NPC, especially in city-based campaigns.
Curious About The Fantasy Flight Star Wars RPG. Any Good Let's Play Recommendations?
Looking for a casual game in Indianapolis on Friday, January 15th (x-post from /r/boardgames)
Just some simple clarification
Illustrator open for commissions.
Charisma Bonus - Game Mastering
Hey, it's my Cakeday! Here's a PDF of random demon appearance generator tables that my fellow DMs and I use for running Out of the Abyss.
Loaded for Bear - Firearms and You
[Xpost /r/dnd] Bit of a surprise at the used book store this week.
The SRD and OGL has been updated to include 5e!
Crazy idea. A one-shot for experienced players.
Raising the Bar
Looking to play Symbaroum with some people via pbp
Stupid things players say
I'm about to dig into Scion for the first time. Give me your tips.
Try out my wilderness exploration supplement.
[Monsterhearts Actual Play] Carrie on my Wayward Son
VTM 2.0: Seeking advice
Looking for some inspiration and material to build a megadungeon.
I'd like to run a game about being on a colony starship and landing on a new planet. What system?
Looking for supplements or settings in large cities for fantasy rpgs.
Difference between 1st and 2nd edition of (new) World of Darkness/Chronicles of Darkness?
Looking for 2d tiles/images for dungeon props/furniture.
"Ultimately, you are responsible for your own fun. If you are not getting the kind of fun you need from your group, then you need to change the status quo."
Preparing a West Marches campaign, would appreciate any help with picking the right system!
New dm here. Need help.
What are your feelings on the Cypher System Rulebook?
A bugbear is neither a bug nor a bear.
I GM'ed a Game of Paranoia... with 7 players. How did I do? Remember, FUN IS MANDATORY!
A fun image from Goblin Quest (details in comments)
Path of Least Resistance - A look at Chaotic Neutral
A Giant in Xuun Pt.1: Black Oak Mishap
A very avid BGG member just tested a very interesting map terrain idea...
Would the old ICE MERP supplements be compatible with the current Rolemaster edition?
ONE SHOT: the cast of "Hello from the Magic Tavern" joins us for a round of Dungeon World
RPG's for a middle school game class
Wierd Request: Table Top Storage Unit Loot List
I need you help. I will GM a superhero oneshot but I have no clue about the Genre.
Cthulhu Spell Ideas!
I'm about to arrange an RPG night. All participants are new to the game. I'm new as a GM. What can I expect?
Giff PC's for 5e
I ad-libbed an eldritch power chamber, which the PCs destroyed without concern for what it did. And that's good because I don't know what it did, either! Any ideas?
Is FFG's force and destiny worth $100 Australian dollars?
substitute for dice pools?
Virtual tabletop tokens for roll20. What are you after?
What makes you sit at a store table?
Lord of The Rings Adventure Games and books
Help me develop my weird homebrew narrative gameplay idea (or tell me that it sucks).
Search for light Rpg , but not too light...
ONE SHOT: Companion's Tale
Thoughts on a "Like Avatar: TLA But..." System/Setting
Need a really good name for a town
Pathfinder Table update (on TTS). You can now upload your own custom tilesets/maps. Table linked in description.
*New Kickstarter* Realizing a dream in publishing my late husband's RPG -- EVERYVERSE RPG
Looking for Gumshoe-like game to run Iron Kingdoms with
Running the One Page Dungeon Contest for 2016, put together this little promo poster.
Games that combine table top RPG and card game ?
Mongoose Traveller - Running an undercrewed ship
I've created a web based proof of concept RPG 'choose your own adventure' system - should I keep working on it?
Can D&amp;D 3.5 or 5th edition be easily modified for scifi setting?
[GenCon 2016] ODAM will reimburse you for your pass!
New player advice?
[3.5 D&amp;D] Making magic items (a bag of holding) fire immune
Low-crunch modern/sci-fi game with lots of scenarios... any suggestions?
Printer for Character Sheets and other Resources?
Is there a compendium for D&amp;D Super or Sinister anywhere?
What character, concept, or idea have you been saving for the "right" group?
5e D&amp;D System Reference Document released today
Changeling the Dreaming: Interview with developer Matt Macfarland
Project at the table setup, at the game store.
Friend Computer invades Geek &amp; Sundry. Paranoia Video.
any good zelda like RPGs?
Fragged Empire Corporation Lore Vid
Any public domain landmark icons I could use for a world map?
Ordinary people and SuperHeroes
Deckplans for a reaction drive freighter
Sell/Unsell me on Shadow of the Demon Lord, if I'm only interested in the rules and the kind of games the mechanics may promote.
Finding Old RPGA Scenarios
Can anyone recommend a good Call of Cthulhu adventure for 2 players, preferably with a twist in the tail?
Advice- How to give a DM constructive criticism?
GM or no GM for small group without experience ?
Opinions on Retrostar?
What are your biggest problems with GM prep?
Advice for a Paranoia game!
What is the coolest gaming-related item you own?
Bulk D20s for Action Dice?
Bad GM stories starring you
Ambient sounds
Tabletop Antibodies: January 2016 rpg and boardgame news
"Meeting by Moonlight" free RPG music download
Role Playing Groves Quest 64 1
My Experiences Designing a Campaign
Android APP Dice Simulator: Virtual Dice EX. You can always have a set of dices with you
Pixel Swords - New Card RPG Application
Best site for a private pbp?
Are you looking to make your own RPG? Important advice inside. [FTFY Edition]
Looking for players for a weekly roll20 horror/action campaign (xpost with /r/LFG, FateRPG)
Mini6 help for a new player.
Sci-Fi Jungle encounter ideas?
Trying to track down a game book - possibly Steve Jackson
Dragon Age Campaign Maps
