growing a full beard
[FR] First time using the domino effect
[FR] 30 Day Challenge, Day 2
Does practice really make perfect?
Nervous of showing emotion in front of other people
Flirting: Relationship vs Hook up?
You're a newbie until you fuck 30 girls
I still don't know what DHV story is all about.
Guys in their early to mid 30s. How is seduction going?
Unclear on when to set up date.
Ideas for dates that involve adrenaline and/or slight illegality?
Accidental experiment: do girls prefer bigger guys or model looking guys.
Interracial Game
[Challenge] Go out and ask a cute girl for the direction to the next post box - try to keep the conversation as long as possible!
It's not about learning how to hit on girls, it's about learning to be the type of guy girls want to hit on them
i'm an average looking guy currenlty flirting with a very beautiful girl , need advices
According to Mark Manson, should insecurity be shared with a girl?
How much do you get laid?
So this is the power of a freeze out?
Post first date protocol
When a girl says "I don't know what I want" what does that mean?
Getting over being a "second"
Let me hear your New Year's adventures!
What do you do that interests and attracts others?
Hey, I'm Hannah and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Where’s The Art In Pick Up Artistry?
The Worst First Text...Ever
Top 3 Dating Struggles For Introverts
Don't try to find someone to love you, love yourself
People here that are familiar with Athens, GA and its social scene, struggling here. Could you give me some advice?
"Accidental on Purpose Text" - girl I messed up with is reaching out to me after 1 month of no contact
Maybe me not getting laid is a punishment from God for disrespecting my parents.
Does a girl's actions while drunk reflect how she feels about you sober?
[FR] SNL featuring WinCo, kids with phones, and a generator.
Who can be approached?
I don't like my beard, but girls like my beard-HELP
What are good places to pick up older women?
im a giant vag
[FR] Friday night club pull.
Telling a woman you miss her. Emotionally open or needy?
What if someone already approached the girl same way I wanted to?
How can I be like Cyrus, a guy who doesn't need external validation?
Asked a girl to smoke weed with me then catch a movie. she said sure but doesn't seem into it. how can I make her excited about the date? should I change the plans?
She wasn't bitchy!
How do you fake confidence?
All of my lays have been from online dating, and extremely fast. How do I build the patience for real pick up ?
adventures of a goofy 17 y/o at the mall.
I asked a girl out on a date
So what's the deal with yoga?
My problem is that I am aloof and I find people boring.
Where to game?
what do i talk?
How to keep interest to prevent a flake using texts?
I can't, for the life of me, kiss well and properly, no matter how many guides and videos I look into, and it's preventing me to escalate further.
I'm a beginner. How do I play my cards here on Tinder? How do I escalate from here?
Dating advice for men, how to feel confident about yourself
Kiss the Girl...continued! An old College Humor video for a quick laugh and simple message.
Best Pickup Artists Ever
The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships by Neil Strauss BOOK REVIEW
8 Quick Tricks That Can Turn ‘Meh’ Sex into Mind-Blowing Sex - SuchitSharma.com
What do you guys think ? was it harsh text ?
Anyone here sober?
Learn how to have sex with a women or men.
Making girls feel shitty
Can't tell if she's interested.
Just found this sub and I really need some help.
How do I respond to this? Is this a rejection?
Deadly approach anxiety - I don't want to approach because I'm friend I'll come off as a creep
How to know to make "the move" when she's not "ready"
What do you do when you're down? (Doesn't have to be because of a girl)
You know you've been doing too much pickup...
Talking to a girl who is sitting
Is writing a song for my crush too cliché?
How should I interpret this girl? - Mixed signals
My first dates have been dismal failures. Does anyone have actionable advice I can implement right away?
Once you've confessed your feelings and you are stuck in the friendzone - is there any way of coming back? How to establish kino now?
Frequent lurker, seeing a lot of posts asking about escalation. Link inside to the Dicarlo Escalation Ladder. Used this method to lose my virginity.
Virgin about to get laid tomorrow. Need help.
Going from kiss to cold.
FR: Went out sober; had a blast!
Big Thank You to Everyone Here
When a girl feels obligated to go on a date with you?
Learned two important lessons today I'd like to share.
Finally learning that girls don't define my happiness.
The strangest PUA advice video ever!
Pretty Cool NOT Making Excuses Video
Fat Guy 2 Min Kiss Closes During the Day
'Sex Actually' podcast talks about Bathroom Sex Do's and Donts
#153. Aquella canción de Roxy
How To Never Fail A Shit Test Again
How to get a guy to buy you a drink?
20 year old needs help keeping attraction of girl he fell for.
Advice on sending that first message on tinder.
Is it a good or bad idea to give a girl an ultimatum to seeing you?
Should I tell her why I won't hang out with her?
How to Never Be Needy - Rsd Tyler's "3 P's" to Feel Zero Neediness
How do I get a girl to fall for me? [dating]
What are your interests and passions? Interesting subreddits?
Bridging the gap between friends to dating.
Do you guys ever do "social experiments" off camera?
Girl wants to hang out but has a boyfriend
Recovering from a bad date
Field Report No.: 1 - Saturday
The Book Thread
Do girls generally prefer guys who are outspoken or relatively quiet?
Confidence is not the answer, it is merely the result of the answer. The true answer is simply to have faith.
A particular shit test that bothers me
Wingman Berlin
Facebook this girl after meet ?
Anyone wants to team for day game practice in Bay Area?
How does the act of "denying" women attract them to you??
Anyone here ever manage to flip the tables and go from a backup option to a primary?
Old college tricks: be the wall fly (counter-intuitive)
Conversation tips
Video games (especially online multiplayer)
whether or not to go for it again given the situation has changed
Gettinga lot of girls that hide their boyfriend.
Sticking point - What do I do after making out?
Tried the "Wait..." line on a date,
A post to find a potential partner for the pick up.?
Talking to a girl on Instagram if you don't see her in person?
Gaming in foreign countries/languages
Talking to girls in groups
What the hell happened?
I have a thing for good looking white brunettes, where in the USA can I find a lot of them?
How can I turn around this fuck up?
[FR] Field Report No.: 3 - Friday
Dealing with passive aggressive texts
[FR] Went solo to a bar and had great night with hot milf
How are sexual desire and Emotional needyness intertwined?
List of conversation to get with a girl?
App for handling phone numbers
Day game, thank you!
Advice for a queer?
what do you consider success [fr]
Be Clear in Your Intentions
How do you guys deal with the "how many girls have you slept with?" question ?
Do you approach while you're hanging out with friends? How?
Day Game vs. Night Game: 5 Key Differences You Need To Know
This German Guy Points Out the Most Important Remedies For Social Fear and Getting Past Rejection
Does holding of attraction for as long as possible and waiting for the girl to initiate it work well for anyone else?
What to do with a girl who is on crutches?
How to build a social circle of girls?
Need help asking girl in my group of outer friends who i fucked up with years ago.
Acceptable @ Day Game; Terrible @ Night Game. What gives?
Is she genuinely interested in me or is she merely manipulating me?
Nice Guys Don't Finish Last!
The Alpha Battle
Noob Question. How do you strike up a fun conversation for a long time?
General question on how to advance at the dancefloor...
Where to let cougars find you?
How did you become Bold and Aggressive?
I asked a girl out. She said "no" but in a very awkward and unsure way, and seemed pretty nervous. Should I go back to asking her out again in a few weeks, or should I just move on?
Dealing with friends?
I just had the strangest night of my life
I got denied today, and for the first time...
Wingmen Baton Rouge
Not sure if this counts as "seduction" but wouldn't mind you guys thoughts/opinions.
My AA is too high to approach alone.
Slow Down - A Seduction Guide To Meditation - TheSingleLife
The 3 Stages of Being A Player
[FR] Tinder Date - Maybe I got gamed
Would anyone be interested in a blog/how-to guide on re-inventing yourself/living space?
How To Get Out Of The Friendzone - 3 Steps
how would you approach this girl?
[Question] A fast one, what is a good response to this , seddit?
How can I overcome my height barrier (of 5'6")? At least 50% of white women are taller than me
Do I try again or let it go?
Would any Philadelphia locals be interested in participating in a comedy show on Friday, January 15?
Does the anxiety get better when living on your own and going out?
Social circle or cold approach?
The side effects of working out at the gym on game
How do you respond to a girl feeling bad about cheating
Just broke up with gf.. It's unreal how differently things change
What is the best way to get a 3rd person point of view?
Typical Timeframe in dating
[FR] Not a really a field report, but sometimes you need to face your fears.
Tips for getting back into the game
[FR] Good Times with a Kinky, Tatted up, Dyed Red Hair Cutie
Weight loss and attraction from females
Something I learned from a gay guy hitting on me
[FR] New Year, Second Night Out Ever
What I've learned since starting out Kino.
Alcohol, the Game, and Unapologetic Living
Good place for daygame for a 32 year old bald man?
Dating advice for men, That First Impression!
How To Not Get Rejected By A Girl And Still Get Away With Anything In Set
Fat Guy Picking Up Girls *Infield Footage*
"How To Accomplish More By Doing Less"
The Simplest Way To Start Talking To the Hottest Women, Take The Leap.
Routines are ok to get over nerves, but don't forget to be geniune! And for the love of god, don't make the whole date a routine.
Make your SO/crush a card or note by hand. I guarantee it goes well.
I'm a server at a popular bar/restaurant in NYC. If a customer shows IOI, how do I go about giving her my number?
Watch "AXE - Find Your Magic" on YouTube
Seduction is for all ages. Story of a 19 year old, from nerd to not-nerd. Wisdom for the young, the old, and everything in between.
How To Find The ‘Right’ Girl To Take Home That Night: The Art Of Physical Opening (+INFIELD)
I asked a girl out who seemed to be interested in me at a party, but when I texted her to make the date she flaked. What can I do to improve? She also invited me and s group of our friends to another party on the day of the date, do I just drop her?
Is never having had a girlfriend before an attractive thing to a girl?
People with no game are destined to have a lonely and depressed life because they don't have the tools to attract what they ultimately want.
Rapid Escalation
Advice / Feedback on Text Game
I'm not quite sure what to do the next time i meet her
Please help, advice really needed, save me!
What's The Worst First Text Ever? "Nice to meet you." Ewwww. Here's why.
Help me out here?
How do you guys escalate with interactions inside of the classroom (hanging outside of class, getting numbers, etc)
how do I convince myself that picking up girls is a fun activity?
Mysterious "Blindspot" message
I suck at texting HARD Help!!!!
Stuck in deep friendzone: I need help escalating with this friend who started seeing a guy.
Is she making excuses? How can I tell if she's interested?
Polarizing and texting for logistics only. It worked!
Help me understand this situation
How to structure a basic beginner routine?
The Tinder texting dilemma.
"It will happen when you least expect it."
Will women ever truly lust for you if you are average looking?
Just wanted to share a story from one of my few day 2s from when I first started
Tips on Establishing Rapport at Job Interview?
Question Game 2.0
My real life game was improved by miles, and yet it seems as though my Tinder game has gotten somehow worse, has anyone else experienced this?
The Two Keys to Getting Good at Game FAST - Pareto's Law &amp; Presence Part 1 [video]
I start being an asshole when a girl shows any disinterest in me. I want all girls to want to fuck me and hate them if they don't. How do I get rid of this mindset?
Free eBook today! If you guys find this useful, please give me a 5-star review... Thank you very much... Practical Female Psychology for the Practical Man
Nothing to fear but ... Well let's talk about it!? Rant about fear, drive/motivation. Emotional impulses aren't a choice but action take is ...
Who is the best pua out there?
Pull Girl With BoyFriend | DAYGAME GLORY | Vancouver Dating Coach
3hrs, 8 episodes, Just about everything I learned form my journey, just had to put it out there to take if off my chest ... maybe some of you will find it useful, I hope lol.
The Card Trick
past two girls persisted on giving me their number -- i text &amp; receive no response?
Girl hitting on guy vs guy hitting on girl
Is there any Christian/Catholic here?
. Simple Trick For A 100% Meet Up Rate: Never Get Flaked Again (+INFIELD)
Looking for a real relationship?
Funny Questions To Ask On A Date
8 Golden Social Dynamics Rules That Affect More Than 90% Of Your Success When Interacting With Women
How do you know when to exit monk mode?
Is this channel trustworthy?
Bald and young
What's the best response to this reaction?
This girl is mindblowing me...
Cold Approach Problems and the New Girl in Class
Do fun filled parties that have tons of hot girls in them pretty much end after college?
I'm simply bad at this
When to stop chasing
[FR] - How I learned that no girl is out of your league
Escalaiton ladder -&gt; ramp of escalation while watching a movie?
What time for a walk in the park/coffee date?
What is the "proper" way to be polarizing?
DON'T DO THIS; 6 Field Reports of PAIN!
How do you handle table positioning at a first or second date?
Could this be a Tinder scam?
Sedditors! How do you hide your PUA from friends and family ?
How to converse with women who are obviously sexually attracted to you?
Found dating after college hard
90% References 10% Theories
Girl I made out with yesterday night didn't accept my friend request. What do I do?
Tips and pointers for someone who stopped the gaming scene for quite sometime...
Lesbian PUA shows how to take the Lead with Infield!
How To Improve Your Conversation Skills - 4 Animated Tips
Ingreso a Chajarí Entre Ríos Argentina - 19 Enero 2016
How would you go about making friends(male or female) in a situation where you don't know anyone and everyone is talking in different small groups?
The Difference Between Sex Drive and Attraction
Pre-hookup date ideas for girls under 21?
A good video on getting out of the friend zone
How could I have made this conversation hotter?
[21/M] Is texting a girl from another college 3 hours away strange? We have not met in person yet
How to be alpha in a college classroom?
I act different around girls
Yesterday I had my biggest success in seduction and it had nothing to do with women
Patrick Batemans - What's your facial skin care regime?
Technique pour embrasser une fille
I Need Advice Guys From A Men To A Men
How would you approach this girl at school?
Is NoFap necessary in pickup when you're a beginner?
How to overcome fear and jealousy when dealing with someone interested in trying polygamy?
My thoughts on making seduction fun and creative
I just fucked up on a girl. Should I move on?
Best way to let someone know you're not interested.
Will go to club on Sunday night with a friend that doesn't do pickup. Any tips?
So I suck at "closing". Looking to improve.
Interpersonal communication
What's the protocol on side chicks and gifts?
Kino Never has to be Complicated
What do you guys think about the adage "women flirt with men they aren’t into, and can’t much flirt with men they are"??
Approaching girls at university and many others things (LONG POST)
I learned today that when im alone with a girl i can charm her into falling for me
Potential text line to minimize risk of flakes and reduce tension?
How did you manage to do night game when you live with parents and they are super restrictive?
25m going out with 18f. Date ideas?
organizing the harem
What's your approach when it comes to a girl at work you have a crush on?
Cold approaches, day game, advice.
I just realized I'm "protective" of girls I want to hook up with, any way to stop this?
Blocked by hymens!
I have a first date tonight and I need all the help I can get.
How do you show strong intent without telling a girl she is hot?
I'm comfortable talking to average looking girls but I get nervous around hotter girls. Can anyone share some advice?
'Text Game' Simplified - Get Easy Dates + Make Girls Stop Ignoring You (+TEXT EXAMPLES)
How to Meet Girls While Riding a Bike
Q's for seducing an introvert
Bailed on a girl -- did I do the right thing?
3 questions about texting
If you have some hot chicks in your hand, why not just gaming them instead of bringing them out to clubs as social proof and find new targets?
Who has had success picking up girls who are working?
Short Asian Gets 6 HOT White Girls Numbers in Under 1 Hour
Has anyone ever had a moment irl like Stuart's Decaf Coffee moment from The Big Bang Theory?
5 Books to Handle Your Nutrition In Your Journey To Become The Best Version of Yourself And Attract Women
Any help with Saudi girls?
What do you have to do differently when it comes to some of the more attractive American women compared to European/foreign women?
Need advice on a girl I met last night.
[21/M] Texting girl who goes to Rutgers and i go to UMD? like each other a lot
[Guide] Explore how you can increase the romance in your life
Should I Play Girls?
Do fun parties loaded with alcohol and hot girls actually exist after college? Are they nearly as good?
Should I push for something more? Should I try escalate sexually?
How to make a girl invest? Without being a terrible person?
Game should be a tool of improvement, not an area in life where you fester up negative energy.
Bed Bath &amp; what do I do now?
[Beginner] Infield of my shitty newby approach. Feel free to judge. Help is needed!
Have you noticed that as you have gotten older, it has become harder to get the good looking and attractive women?
Americans of seddit, are there really any areas of the USA where a couple like my girlfriend and I won't feel too out of place or face tons of racism?
NYC - Looking for someone chill to hang with; interested in this whole wingperson experience.
Exercises to practice when out at a bar with friends?
How to determine if she's attracted now, or just wants her beta-orbiter back?
Does anyone have the Ars Amorata Non-Approach Approach?
"By learning game you will no longer be a victim of women..."
Here's how to start a conversation on Tinder
How to Seduce in Chinese (Free Book on Amazon)
Find The ‘Right’ Girl To Take Home Tonight: The Art Of Physical Opening (+INFIELD)
This is how girls act when the DIG you HARD (Infield)
Chicagoland Strippers for Bachelor Party!
5 Reasons Why 99% of Men Fail With Women and How to Succeed
Basics of the game
Settle for less?
Getting a girl I like
FR: first number close and more in 10 years. How did I do?
Cut your losses
improving the breath and tongue flavour?
Metropolitan dating climate/culture ambivalence
[FR] First non-tinder date in ages
Has anyone here had success with Social Anxiety Disorder? Advice?
[FR] College party k-close and flake
Looking for tips from prior military
Gonna be meeting up with a girl tonight, need help
Kinda Conflicted
Yeah, I'm done with online dating websites.
College / Greek life?
What's the general opinion for asking about STDs anytime before sex?
Which attractive qualities in women are very underrated?
Afraid of what people will think of you picking up girls? Be the wolf, not the sheep.
What are the best places/methods to approach 18-27 girls for a 50+ years old guy ?
I literally don't know what to do when a girl is interested. Help!
Chasing sorority sisters while not being in a fraternity yourself, experiences? Doable?
How to accept that I've stunted my height and I will never be attractive and have as big dating pool as I was supposed to be and have if I didn't fail to reach my maximum potential height?
Destroy Approach Anxiety
Texting when drunk, is she playing along or serious? How do I bring it up?
TIFU By Masturbating
What should I do/say to the girl once I take off my shoe lifts as we're approaching the bedroom and she notices that I shrink by 2"?
How to approach a group?
Best Vacation Spot to Meet Girls?
[FR] A tale of two approaches
What it means when girl behaves differently in real life and texting?
99.99% of us will fail. A big picture reminder for if you truly, TRULY want to succeed
Approach Anxiety Challenges?
Does the use of kino change depending if your aim is a long or short term relationship?
I made an overt sexual suggestion to someone I like and they brushed it away - what should I do?
"What To Do If She Doesn't Text You Back Or Seem Interested"
How To Pick Up Girls &amp; Get A Girlfriend - Fundamentals Every Man Needs To Know! (two hours)
Finding Local Singles, Jobs, Stuff...
[Guide]Explore the stories of how Athena Pheromones changed the romantic life of these women
Infield Video - Kiss Close and phone # Picking up girls who don't speak english
Scientists say there's one quality in men that women find even more attractive than good looks: selflessness.
should i text her again?
Under 3 minutes Version of Owen's From Real Social Dynamics Famous 3P's Video That I found On Youtube (Sound is not the best)
Arranging a date after k close
How To Approach A Girl In a Group - The Peer Group Full Guide
The Only Wingman You Need is Yourself.
Why Your Girlfriend Dumping You Can Be More Of A Blessing Than A Curse
Honest signaling - the reason PUA doesn't work.
Met a cute girl in a club. Very little talking but got sexual fast. How to message her on next day?
Should I ask this girl out?
25 y old men, need help for a date
Advice on setting up date
Why can unattractive men get girls without being attractive but unattractive women can't really get attractive men?
Im here on the dance floor on new years and no one wants to dance with me. What am i doing wrong?
Shut up and take My Money! A business idea that I personally would pay for::::::
Best dating app in UK at the moment?
How do I "get a life."
Any good day game books?
How do I deal with posts that are aggressively pro-status?
What is There to Lose By Taking a Chance?
When it comes to sex, women are like ovens and men are like microwaves
The struggles of having a foreign name
Go For Date Immediately?
Overthinking half-bad last date?
She's ready for it, but you want to wait longer, how's that played out for you?
Anyone used those dating apps where only the woman can message first (Bumble, Siren, etc)? How did it go?
Reminder about the importance of psychotherapy.
5 ways on how to Seduce your Valentine
How do I attract girls that are looking to have fun?
Just move to a new country. You'll get plenty of ladies and friends as well
Porn addiction and PUA
20M Need pointers going up to girls at a bar and holding conversation
How to flirt with someone who speaks another language?
The girl of your dreams is only one approach away. Internalise this mindset.
How To Effortlessly Blast Through ANY Shit Test (+INFIELD)
Why New Year Resolutions DON'T Work (Game Related)
How bad is it to live at home still, while also approaching chicks?
Simple question, how do you DHV yourself?
Anyone else want to start a new Seddit Locator thread for the new year?
25/F. Question for those who read Models by Mark Manson: Can women attract men through honesty too?
Say Goodbye To Approach Anxiety
"If she cheats to be with you, shes going to cheat on you."
Is it awkward dating a shorter girl when you're tall?
Trying to seduce my cousin and need help.
A Realization I Had About Putting Effort Into Life
Focus on should's and shouldnt's rather than can's and cant's
[FR] Reaching NY Resolution Goals, One Step at a Time (Long)
What are fun ways to continue conversation with a girl?
"PUAs" - how did you meet your current serious gfs?
What Books,Movies,Shows helped you understand Women's POV?
I think girls talk to me because I'm friendly and non-threatening...but I'm afraid to ask for her number because I think she's just being nice talking to me...because I'm nice.
Your ideas about the dj forum
[FR] Basics+FR in uni, more on attitude and tips for newbies.It is as easy as it sounds
Unanswered text... is there any way to "fix" this situation? (No cynicism or flaming, please.)
Do you ever question what it's all for?
No girlfriend at 23
Only attracting the unattractive girls...
[FR] ESCALATION &gt; ATTRACTION (and you should always be afraid but just do it anyway)
How to initiate conversation with someone I generally can't naturally do
All my friends hate me ever since I've started doing pickup.
For those lacking confidence, smile in a mirror as much as possible
Have any of you ruined a date by trying to hard?
Past and learning the game is messing with my relationship
Hey are there any Houston subscribers on here that want to start our own Houston Seddit Lair?
If I couldn't pull in college am I screwed after?
When do you set the expectation that you are not looking for anything serious?
Haven't had to wear a condom in 3 years
Going to a university party when I'm still in high school.
Why is everyone so into Models?
By Making A Game Out Of Rejection, A Man Conquers Fear
A Simple Game Plan To Attract Any Women
Want To Become That Sex-Worthy Guy?! The Secret Of Becoming Attractive To Hot Instagram Models
Work confidence or self-esteem first?
Interesting More for the Science
Very interesting read,pay attention to the way these guys think.
How to deal w/ someone tooling me in social circle game?
8 Key Points to Consider When Choosing a Mentor
Really simple tip for your text game.
How do I get over the fear of what people are going to think of me?
You people take this way too seriously
How to be successful with women and emulate Forrest Gump?
When trying to pull a girl with a bf, how do you deal with the "we shouldnt be doing this" type question
What are some ways YOU would greet a girl in class?
I feel like getting laid is 10x easier if you have your own place...
Animated summary of one of the most important books in relation to developing personal magnetism: The Charisma Myth
I feel like I made a mistake
Unable to speak.
A question on strength of frame.
How do you make your life more exciting?
Reality check wanted: Americans, is this kind of a bachelor lifestyle in regards to social life and women actually achievable for an adult male or is it just some sort of a Hollywood fantasy?
[Theory] It doesn't matter how Cool you are if you don't create new Memories in her Mind.
Question about religious girls.
Have a tinder date tomorrow, and SHE's picking me up... Need advice
What to do, when you have no place to take girl ?
Just a question
The Number One Site for Chicago Female Strippers
How to quickly fix a hole in the wall
What makes a person needy?
I don't even know where to start
What's the point in going out if you're a fat ugly loser?
What do you do every single day to boost your self-confidence/inner game?
How To Get Out Of The Friendzone
If I respond last in a convo, do you still consider that a missed text message?
Should you K close after a first coffee date? If so, what do you say?
Overcoming racial preferences (question from woman)?
Thoughts on MGTOW
[Meta] Would you be interested in a weekly field report challenge?
Today was a good day
"Look, we're friends right?"
I've been totally surprised at how much women fish for compliments on their body
Can approach and open but get low self esteem during the convo and try to exit quickly
How much turn off it is for a girl if she thinks that the guy is not sure about himself?
Underestimating friendship
tinder question
Friends and reputation
How do you guys do it?
Being Called Annoying
What's the general consensus of RSD and how it compares to Seddit?
Major Cities In Europe?
Was invited to a New Years party last night and knew no one besides the girl I had a crush on. "JUST FUCKING GO". I went and learned my biggest lesson for 2016.
How do you get a girl to leave?
Indicators of interest confuse me. Need clarifying..
What's going on with me? Being in love vs choosing a disciplined fun wild lifestyle in a way is that unrealistic porn induced fantasy? Please...
I don't know what to do
Never hit on the house
I've been a lurker here for a while now. Last night, I said "fuck it" and went up to a cute girl. I got her number, now what?
Anyone Who Can Help
Picking up girls on Tinder is hard work
Daily affirmations for Creativity
Dating Advice for Men
How to Lead Women (And Why Most Men Suck at Dating)
The new online real sex game is coming
How Being The Llama Can Help Your Body Language With Girls In Pictures
How to Be a Man in a Relationship: 15 Lessons From a Woman
1st date today, super success
How to avoid saying stupid things to girls (you like)? *social circle
“From Pickup Artist to Pariah” buries the lead
I feel like I don't deserve intimacy or a relationship
Question: Dealing with a Girl dealing with Grief
RsdTyler's Six Steps To A Killer Night Presented Differently
