Is there a way of changing a YouTube URL to get the video to both start *and* stop at a particular point?
its australia day
My life's extremes are getting to me.
I'm a little bit drunk for the first time in my life
I'm amazed at the closed mindedness of some people (and moderators) in /r/physics *warning - rant*
Hey Reddit! I'm spending three months in Nepal to help rebuild after the earthquake
What can I do for work or volunteer activity that would allow me to travel and possibly make decent pay?
Reddit was a lot more fun before Sandersforpresident spammed r/all
Working on a list of simple open-ended tasks for a project. What ideas do you have?
My coughs sound like sneezes and often when I cough people will say "bless you".
I'm a new YouTuber, how do I get my name out?
The mods over at /r/worldnews are censoring anything describing the mass assault by migrants in Cologne, Germany.
Help i need to found a deleted thread!
Have you ever (M or F) jerked off at work?
The way the rest of the world continues despite one person's personal tragedies is simultaneously upsetting and comforting.
I keep forgetting today is my birthday
Children born in the year 2000 will be getting their drivers licenses this year...
This guy in my AP Psychology class didn't know what a crow was.
｜병점오피OP ( 유흥다이소 ノ UÐAISØ 03ㆍCØM )↗송탄건마↘광교휴게텔↗안산오피↘동탄건마
My horrible procrastination is ruining my life.
Is this facebook user a girl or boy?
Update: I feel like my rotting teeth are affecting my brain and don't know what to do.
Met an old friend from high school and it's making me want to re-evaluate my life.
I'm in the hospital, and having surgery in the morning
My new roommates are not very interested in being friends with me.
Where to go for IT help?
Few things can make me feel more superior to all of Reddit than the upcoming lottery, but of a rant
Everything I did wrong on my YouTube Channel over the last 4 years and the one thing I'm doing to change everything...
I'm being crushed every time I try to sleep.
Had an eight-person group interview yesterday. It went badly. I feel like garbage.
I need help (x-post r/depression)
Don't drive drunk tonight, make a plan now!
This was the saddest and most wasted week of my life.
Someone please help me find a game!
I'm having a hard time balancing self improvement with the feeling of "I'm not good enough."
I try to cry but can't
I took a pain pill today.
I cut my hair off for Cancer
Sometimes I wonder if I'm slowly going crazy
Money money money fucking money.
A roommate left us without saying a word or leaving money for electricity or internet bills. A late christmas package came for her and the other roommates opened it/ took what was in it. I feel bad about it.
Reddit, a fellow redditor and his group of 5 friends just won the powerball
I just watched Dear Zachary ... (potential spoilers ahead)
Hi Reddit, could you help me choose which personal project I should tackle first in 2016?
Anyone remember when upvotes/downvotes on reddit were shown in total amounts?
Could use some life advice
I'm so fucking tired of alcohol
Girlfriend and I went on a break yesterday. Even though it's for the best, i'm seriously depressed.
0 Why does the puppy I just purchased have no personality?! Did I buy a dud?!
U.K. Am I too thin to attract?
U.K. I look too rough and ugly and won't go out as q result....improvement advice?
In the name of religion
＼＼ В@мw@r10.coм ＼＼구로건마 칭다오 밤의전쟁 〘방화역건마〙세종시건마
Ford's 2017 models is the first case of me getting 'upgrading urge' for a vehicle
FUCKING SPORTSBALL FUCKING UP XFILES.....
I think my perception of relationships has been warped by the media.
366 Daily Challenge #13
I'm sick and tired of being shy.
Struggling with Life
if you own land in central pennsylvania
I'm very insouciant, but I hate the way that word sounds.
Happy New Year!!
Sharing stuttering experience
Why do I not just kill myself? I am not depressed, it is simply the most logical solution.
Is anyone else now checking Reddit much more often than a few weeks ago because they are expecting another high profile death to be announced?
I went to a local meetup to meet some people and maybe make some friends, but it didn't pan out.
Ah, fuck. I've succumbed to trolling. I need to learn to get out while the goings good.
In which op is 14
In struggling to become passionate about something, I've learned that it takes momentum to achieve our dreams
Just need this off my chest
I'm going to take a job which I don't like and probably will hate myself.
The world is still a nice place
Thinking about chucking it all and booking a 1-way trip to Asia...
Aurora Worldwide UK | Writing away with Blog.com
Do I look worse and uglier here now?
Is it possible to get old self back?
Ceaseless stalking for almost 2 years...
I just started a new job and I'm nervous about how I'll do
I just realised why some relationships are bound to fail.
Soo.. I'm beginning to think that people are now thinking that accepting the large influx of migrants in the EU is a bad idea.
How to stop being so materialistic ?
Someone is going to win the Powerball.
Should I put my friend or my realtor as my referral?
My best friend is Sam, my cat
My parents only work
My dad is going to jail on Monday
Suicidal thoughts just don't seem to go away...
I was searching job offers and found a very sexist offer
How do you non nailbiters handle this?
Been feeling really down lately, need some advice.
Friend of mine died yesterday
I am about to be 25
I have made a channel for /r/worldnews, here it is (https://telegram.me/wrldnws) where i can post it so people who are addicted to news can read about it?
I'm an alcoholic need advice.
I got my head out of my ass but I think it's too late
Couch Potato Privilege
High school student asking for help
Why can't I remember anything from books after I read them unless I'm listening to music?
I'm in Mexico and the funniest shit is happening
In non-sarcastic terms, what was wring with the phrase "binders full of women"?
I really want a snack
Looking for some 30 day challenges
I went back to exercising this week
I'm going to have to read that best of post "The tyranny of feeling" later.
I actually enjoy cleaning my house and keeping it clean
I'm going to lose my second cat in four months.
Why is /r/me_irl still a thing?
La vie est bien!
Last night some girls got their car stuck outside a party I was attending.
Made a realization while watching Jurassic World the other night.
So confused (Rant)
I have an LG tv from 2011 model number 47lw5600 and i cant update past version 05.00.12 any help
This is the longest we haven't talked since we've been together
Leaving for work at 3am and caught someone jumping over the backyard fence. He started to run yelled hey a bunch of times.
TIL one of the early records of an affectionate relationship between humans and cats is a recovered Tang Dynasty missing ad, reading: “A kitten has run away from the noble house of Yü Ta-Po. Its fur is white. Its name is Snow Maiden.” – …moved me to tears…
If I killed myself right now, everyone in my life would just be fucking ashamed of the ways they've been treating me. Every fucking one.
I'm stuck by myself in the middle of a foreign country.
Identity Politics
When handing back people's change, I keep touching their hands and I hate it
▷광교오피 【〃유흥다이소〃UÐAISØ 03ㆍCØM 】가산건마-신림휴게텔-이대오피-건대건마
Okay guys, we are going to set a record for the most downvoted comment.
Show support to Burns law enforcement.
Let's play a game
강서휴게텔 엔젤[BAM][WAR]1O[COM]| 밤의전쟁 |기장휴게텔김천역휴게텔
My weekend sucked.
for everyone asking
Angiogram test for my father is delayed? Why?
I literally cannot have a happy birthday.
I'm fucking disgusting
I will earn my way to Valhalla...
Accidentally sent a woman I have feels for a message implying said feels.
To the person stalking my every move- you know who you are.
I have a cute butt.
I'm getting nowhere in life.
My mom being friends with some girl I met on Runescape 6-7 years ago.
i finally decided i was going to ask out a girl at my school, but i havent seen her in 3 days now...
Guy on Facebook whose girlfriend loves him and whose job is going well and who instagrammed his dinner last night. To me you're just the guy who bullied me in high school.
facebook makes me angry
I have no idea why, every few months, I get a password reset request for this account. I'm not giving it up. Go away.
It's time to make a change.
I hate silence.
I've been in the bathroom too long, my co-workers have to know in pooping.
Couch Potato Privilege
U.K. Do I look worse than then to you?
On the subject of the muse.... Naivete and Cockiness converge to create the epitome of douche-baggery. The personification.
Hey guys - just wanted to check in.
Beautiful cheap apartment that killed 4 and almost me. (true, can provide proof to the mods)
I'm a guy. All I want is for a girl to do my makeup, dress me up girly, and teach me to act feminine. Is that so weird?
I almost drowned myself because my internet wasn't working
부천오피 『U/DAISO『03』COM』 인천오피〉간석오피〉부평오피〉신촌오피〉
Am i worse than a few years ago?
I look rough and ugly everyday how can I improve?
방배역휴게텔선릉휴게텔「bam」「war」1o｢com｣〈강남휴게텔 honey 〉| 밤의전쟁 |
U.K. Do I look okay like this? Self conscious going outdoors
My experiences and journey over the past few years, and how lifestyle changes (and some luck) made me happy again.
Soon to be 30 year old virgin - am I weird?
366 Challenge #14
Short and balding
How should I go about getting myself stable when I turn 18?
A girl I thought I had a real connection with stopped responding to me texts mid conversion. That was two days ago.
Should we bring back public shaming as punishment for heinous crimes like child and animal abuse?
Feeling like I am lost as such a tender age...
I love to collect Japanese Junior Idol pics and videos and jack off to it
"Holy shit the general public is stupid!"
Reddit's gotten really, really, really Hitlery lately.
Meditations of a Thinker, aka „What Am I Doing With My Life?”
I have a hemorrhoid
I had a bad roommate experience and I need to tell someone about it [NSFW]
I'm too lazy to kill myself
I don't think my old friendship is working out. Sometimes when I'm around her I just feel really awful about myself.
My teenage cousin just watched her mom's burial.
Slate magazine is fucking retarded.
I think about my future wife.
I'm drunk. How is your night going?
Whenever people say Metal Gear games are good, I feel like I'm in bizarro world.
I think I have some sort of mild vestibular problem
I don't do much.
Describe yourself in 5 words
A Personal Reflection on Charlie Hebdo Attacks
My Girfriend Has Worked For McDonald's For Three Years. Tonight She Was Told She Would Be Fired If She Left Two Hours Early So She Could Follow The Ambulance To The Hospital. The Ambulance Is Carrying Her Mother Who Is Right Now Fighting For Her Life. IS THIS NOT ILLEGAL?
TJB Advertising Ltd - Blog
｢BAM｣｢WAR｣1O｢COM｣인천휴게텔 여인숙∥ 밤워 ∥숙대역휴게텔〈안양휴게텔〉
수영구오피 OP정보 『U』daiso03？컴 부산진구오피 부산오피 ―유흥다이소
I think I'm going to kill myself tonight
I don't play lottery but the current powerball is having an effect on me.
I'm desperate for a job. Can you please help me Reddit?
Lay Your Weary Head to Rest (Apologies for wall of text)
I really wanna start a journal.
My ex boyfriend and I broke up 5.5 months ago. I still don't believe it's over
Why does microsoft work to scam me into modifying my browser beyond what I ask?
Seeing Red: Part I - Relationship Overview
Something that impresses me about americans...
I just denied myself something I wanted
I've always wanted to write the President a letter. Does he still accept snail mail?
I don't want the middle finger on my right hand anymore
Finally motivated.
I am doing fairly well and trying to study as much as I can to be a mathematician.
I honestly can't imagine winning the lotto now
I created a new account, with a feminine username. I'm a guy.
Is anyone else tired of being expected to be perfect / Robotic?
How do you rank friendship levels?
If I were a stormtrooper in the the Empire, I would probably say to myself, "Fuck it. I'm out. Forward my shit to Endor."
Should have just kept lurking...
I'm 23. I have little to no idea what I want out of my life. Here's my ramblings on the subject.
Is it possible to get a skin color tattoo to cover up a birthmark?
stuck door pls help
Trigger Warning
syberbuli post
I have a particularly uncommon name, to the point that I firmly believed I was the only person with my name. Ten minutes ago, I found someone who shared the same name.
Valentine's Day question
I just shut down my SO's *bright idea*
Invictus - William Ernest Henley
I had a pretty pathetic dream
Found an extra $253,326.00 in our bank account!
Is a conversation supposed to consist of one person asking a ton of questions and the other answering them?
Drunk post but seriously, I think there's something wrong with my hearing
Why's everyone so nasty all the time?
There is only one Solar System
Why'd you have to go and make things to complicated.
I just told my Filipino boyfriend not to use my anti-Asian lotion...
For anyone wondering why all my old posts have been deleted/overwritten.
My /r/legaladvice trolls and confirmation thread
Small realization
Ever since my doc told me about my liver, I've been feeling sick.
Why is TwoXChromosomes a default sub?
I just started a new job last Thursday
I Think I Need Help
I want my step kids to be amazing, and I truly believe they will be. Part of that means that I need to be the villain, and I'm ok with that, as long as they follow their dreams.
Went out with my friend, her boyfriend and her friends
I am falling out of love with my husband.
This is why men today fail at relationships and this is what they don't teach you in psychology courses
My challenges for 2016 (join me!)
Being ugly the curse.....
A certain social media platform doesn’t want you to send money through them.
Posting here because r/imgur is private.
Oh boy, something interesting happened. Doesn't look good.
Do you think it is acceptable for Anime-goers to want explicit fanart of underaged girls?
HELP! LED screen cleaner made my TV worse!
Help free my bird from depression :(
Cold water, agua frio?
I wet the god damn bed last night.
My abortion (kinda) experience
I just realized something...
So I saw my old high school bully today.
...dotdotdot But when I'm about to say something, nobody else better say something!
Have you ever noticed that if you turn your device upside-down, Arial-font English looks like a beautiful fairy language?
I hate the New Year.
Everyone complains about Comcast but ATT is charging me 35 for my landline.
For a single reddit gold, I will expose a picture worth many dollars to the first donor
I feel emotions in a different way and I feel guilty for it.
I have an interview at Facebook :)
I just really hope I don't end up pregnant.
I might have my first girlfriend soon and I'm nervous to the point of puking.
Happy birthday to me...
Do you ever feel like you don't have a personality?
I've made unprotected sex and now I'm worried
/r/me_irl has jumped the shark
There has been a media blackout regarding the 2013 Santa Monica College shooting's lack of final report
｜영통오피OP ( 유흥다이소 ノ UÐAISØ 03ㆍCØM )↗수원건마↘서현휴게텔↗안양오피↘평촌건마
U.K. Is my face fat?
Our looks change, our coffee stays the same
I am a 25 y/o Asian and I have had sex with 100+ prostitutes across the globe
Keyboard is messed up.
What is your opinion on Internet Justice mobs?
How does one go of the grid?
I want to commit suicide but not die.
I am so confused. People are assholes to me when I don't ask for it, but when I do request it, people don't.
I hate AT&amp;T
Happy New Year Reddit! Happy Cakeday me!
Started eating healthier and stopped smoking weed, been more sick and exhausted than Ive ever been in my life.
Is it national "Be an Asshole" month?
oh shit. I just self diagnosed myself to what appears to be eerily similar to melanoma. Scared as hell right now.
I'm worrying about my Geometry class right now.
What's the coolest thing I can get from Best Buy for $30?
Why do companies nowadays insist on using "real people, not paid actors," in their stupid fucking commercials?
Helping a friend who is being domestically abused
Is it better to apologize asap, or wait a little until things cool down then apologize?
Just found out this is the second time in the last month someone has tried to burn down my old secondary school. It was a great school with amazing staff and it saddens/angers me that someone is trying to destroy that.
Is it my girlfriends duty to pay this bill?
Rampant racism in /r/worldnews is getting seriously concerning
The smallest family tree
I think I'm too angry and bitter. I'm thinking like a villain from a cartoon for children.
I recently joined a new fandom: Undertale.
Cake day? Test post.
방이동휴게텔 비누방울B@mw@r10.C O M| 밤워 |범일휴게텔 동대문휴게텔
『성수역휴게텔ウ강서휴게텔 요기요』「bam」「war」10｢com｣| 밤의전쟁 |용산휴게텔
U.K. Do I look uglier now or then?
Third day of working out after breaking up with my gf.
An open letter to my ex [venting/support]
I'm tackling a choice that will maybe make me a shitty human being. About a girl.
So what the fuck is wrong with me
TIR All major characters in STNG are single which is pretty contrary to the majority of scientists and explorers.
Random question, just moved into a place, do you tell your roommates when you're going out?
I wish I could be consciously aware of the passage of time when I sleep
How is it ok to say this on the radio?
Why do people feel the need to put others down over sense of humour on Reddit?
Ever felt like what you've always liked to do isn't what you see yourself doing anymore. I'm losing it.
Give me some suggestions of what to do for 2016?
I invest my time into anything and everything, which is starting to get to me
Need small Financial help comment has reason
We should fund the hell out of NASA to go find David Bowie and bring him back. We did it with Matt Damon, why not him?
confused about love and relationships
My GF is breaking up with me...
How to date properly (for guys) in 3 easy steps:
Video Intro - Help needed!!
I just got into my first ever motorcycle accident
Why are people doing this?
To the guy in the silver Mazda 3 I cut off in traffic.
Rudderless. Lost. Exhausted.
I was sexually assaulted and it is hurting my life [TW: Rape]
U.K. Do I look fat in face and worse than a few years back?
∥ 밤워 ∥분당휴게텔 앙드레「BAM」「WAR」1o「COM」대방역휴게텔ぬ가야휴게텔
U.K.: am I better or worse than 5-6 years ago?
Need help. Please share. Just trying to help the kids.
If you require glasses, get a spare pair in case you lose them. I'm blind as fuck right now!
My scoutmaster was just murdered by his son
I need to calm down
Bye bye my darling tolstey Lily
The girl im seeing dropped memoff two hours ago, and then stopped responding or answering her phone
Thinking of my real dad
For decades DuPont has been knowingly contaminating the drinking water in Parkersburg, WV. Now the toxin is in the blood of most Americans.
Selective Outrage
I got a nasty PM
Why do people hate cargo pants?
Roommate feelings
I don't like vegetables.
i want her to miss me
I just got robbed
gave my bf a bombass bj last night
A clinical psychologist who doesn't practice what she preaches?
I just recently got a citation for driving a non op car without insurance and no driver license and I need your help.
Couch Potato Privilege
Birthday Disappointment
First time DWI and need some info on how I should go about it
Seeing all these basic FB statuses saying that 2015 did this and I hope 2016 does this. Shut the fuck up. A tear doesn't determine what you do, you yourself do.
청주오피 OP정보 『U』daiso03？컴 내덕동오피 청주터미널오피 ―유흥다이소
Am I too slim/thin?
U.K. Am I too skinny?
I would give anything to never leave the house again.
Some kind of book rental service?
reddit is going full austism again
I think I may have a problem, and I can't stop.
It's funny, but with all the blizzards in US and Japan, here in Moscow, Russia where I live it's currently raining.
I would appreciate a piece of advice on helping build a better relationship with my older cousin?
I'm nervous about starting school as a mature student.
I know I'm lazy and want to change but just can't do it.
I keep seeing in the news the automation of jobs, who is making these robots?
What am I missing being single?
At least digg users had an alternative when it turned to shi.
My new username!
Today I baked bread.
I got married today!
There's somebody else
Chain Of Fools
I'm stuck in a loop
Obligatory self post cause im drunk
Someone help me think of a birthday present for my little brother
SJWs and the Fuccboi
Kellogg own it commercial arouses me
Some fun thoughts I wrote down, was thinking about winning the 1.5 billion dollar lottery.
NSFW Posted on /r/RandomActsOfBJ, and now the guy won't leave me alone
LPT: When a celebrity dies, Google "quotes by [insert dead celebrity name]." Then put that quote on a picture of the dead celeb and post it to /r/quotesporn. Instant karma.
I keep dreaming about planes crashing. Nearly every night.
I bought new shoes but on the first day wearing them ...
｛부산진구오피｝▶【udai】【so】03닷com◀광안리오피Σ해운대오피√부산오피
I've got burnt by the sun. I only have suncream. Will applying some help?
Just found out now that the company I've been working for for the past 3 years hasn't registered their name as a Reddit username.
My friend died two days ago.
I wrote a letter to my state senator and I feel kinda good about it.
Kind soul to help me out
I am getting sick of people making fun of the Fine Bros. by claiming they have a trademark on a common word, so people can't use it.
My mom is an alcoholic and it's slowly killing her, I have no idea what to do anymore.
I guess this is just a collective rant about what's on my mind.
I have noticed that subreddits only get a good amount of traffic when they are linked to.
Sometimes cleaning nightclubs suck.
Can someone give me self improvement/dating tips? I just turned 35 today, what would make me more date worthy and is this pic suitable for a dating profile pic?
My 30th birthday is on February 4th and I still have no idea what to do...? (help?)
Found a razorblade while trying on gloves at Target
I feel like i'm crazy ! my dad wants me to go to the doctor but i dont think is the right way
What is this Powerball thing and why is everyone suddenly so interested about those gyroscopic hand exercise tools?
My idol, my inspiration, David Bowie is dead. I can't stop crying
Is it normal for a 25yr old male to be nervous about meeting a girl for casual sex after only ever being with the same girl from ages 15-25?
TIL what NSFL really means
I just bet $120 on Bernie winning
Mods of default subs should not have the power to wantonly delete posts for the sole reason that they do not support their narrative.
My internet has been disconnected for the past week. I've been hotspotting from my phone but I've exhausted the data and now Im capped at 128 kbps.
Its time to fix your problems
2016年 신천오피 【 유흥다이소 → UÐAISØ 03ㆍCØM 】신림오피 ①이대오피 ②건대오피 ③홍대오피
Hey guys, I hate to break this to you. But Alan Rickman died.
How do you pick yourself up after losing everything?
All of the questions from Rand Paul's AMA seem to begin with "I'm a huge supporter of your stance on (insert topic), but what do you think about (insert unrelated topic). Anyone else think it's doctored?
I've lost 50 pounds in the last year, 50 more pounds over the 3 years before that...
I just realised that by using two different volume controllers, I can achieve a primitive EQ
366 Daily Challenge #18
How do I continue on?
why did I even answered
When this post is 8 hours old, my dad will have been dead for a full day.
Week 3 of 2016
The democrats want Bernie Sanders to win, but are using Hilary to cover him up.
No international corporation, you can't have my phone number.
"I hate racism. I've dated foreigners, and they are the nicest people!"
I think Wikipedia will be designated a "Wonder of the World" in the next 15-20 years
The absolute futility of hard work and practice for those without aptitude and why those good at a skill believe in this myth [SeriousConversation x-post]
Why do religious people continuously harass gay people to try and 'turn' them straight???
I can live with it
I have a brain tumor!
I wish there was a medicine that they could give you to knock you out cold for the duration of a cold
My coworker probably hates me...
My Facebook and Reddit experience has become almost identical
Am I allowed to eat Subway if I'm going an entire year without fast food?
21 yrs, no job- With controlling grandmother, husband supports her, can't escape; Need advice [Long Post]
LPT Request: How do you stop living off 1 year of wages in the bank and unemployment?
Way too attached to a girl I've only been on two dates with. What the hell is wrong with me?
Rise To New Heights In 2016
My son sharted today.
Scored an interview tomorrow, but I am suspicious...
Things got unexpectedly deep on Shamchat
What is a sexy song to dance to for a warrior woman burlesque show?
Where did my pubes go?
let a drunk patron borrow my phone to see if he could find his, he ended up resetting my phone.
My uncle is in the movie crybaby and it's irritating to me that I can't find him.
Knowing when people ignore your texts
The Ultimate Snow Hype Man
Check if your Facebook account is hacked.
X Gon Give It To Ya
How my wife saved me from an evil scientist (in a scavenger hunt/puzzle experience I crested for her on her birthday).
Just noticed its my cake day. All I want is for Iowa to go out caucus night for Sanders Feb 1st.
Quick life question for you all
I'm not sure where this belongs. This seems like a safe bet.
I saw a black and red striped mosquito and it reminded me of avril lavigne!
I had a really strange and degrading experience at the Canadian/US border, and I wonder if it was because I'm a Muslim.
why do i have such a small appetite?
Falsely accused of sexual assault at 15.
You know you're getting old when, sitting in your open workspace, you smell something and your first thought is "Did I just shit myself?" instead of assuming one of your neighbors farted.
My college United Nations club is having a cultural event with different embassies representing their respective country. Any suggestions for the name of it?
I'm just lonely.
I can only find guys that look like Rivers Cuomo attractive.
I got gilded today
i made a subreddit
How do I distract myself from being sad about my appearance?
Conscientious Objector. I will die, but that is all I will do for death.
Dear boyfriend,
Do I look worse than a few years back?
Should I take a gap year?
My friend's dilema with his teeth
I just had a genius idea
I don't understand how I react to the option of hooking up with someone
I just watched The Big Short and I loved it
I think I might have ruined my body by binge drinking when I was in London.
Life ain't easy
Where our child support money goes...
I really hate teachers that believe that learning formulas is more important than knowing how to apply them
How many of you people courtesy upvote?
Has anyone noticed a lot of spam lately?
[Shameless Speculation] Is NX going to be the TRUE ‘Virtual Boy’?
Recent movers to Colorado, how was your experience?
What is it about my writing style that pisses people off so much?
Somebody(s) in a few minutes is going to be freaking rich and may possibly wake up in a new Bugatti next week.
LPT: don't search for "scrotum" in Google Image Search
Sretna Nova Godina!
Whats your favorite "army man"
I'm throwing a birthday party for myself and inviting about 20 people...but I only really care that one particular girl shows up
/r/politics is a complete and total shitshow
I want some feedback on my website
This candle changed my life.
I am living alone in a cabin for two months, what are some productive things I can do to better myself?
I have this overwhelming feeling I'm going to be fired tommorow and it's affecting my day.
If you had the option to rat on a co-worker, causing them problems, would you?
Flint is a Warning.
I want to cut off my right pinky... Help
I know why 2016 has been rough..
What degree should I take to emigrate to the US?
Im happy with being unhappy with life?
My mother always dropped everything for me and to help me, now she is upset that I don't do the same. Am I wrong?
There was a threesome post in /r/sex I saw a while back that I never got an update on and it's killing me.
My house has been tagged, do you think what they wrote means anything?
My ex has a new boyfriend.
So... I was thinking...
I spent over an hour reading my comment history just to see how witty and clever I am
After 9 months on a hard bed I just turned the mattress over to find the side you're meant to sleep on.
I've I don't get that apartment, I seriously don't know what I'm going to do with my life.
I got hacked in an online videogame and hacker got access to my mail. Why would anyone do this?
I think Bowie's death could be looked at as a kind of performance art
Couch Potato Privilege
Apparently, I'm the cause of my feeding tube malfunctioning...
I amazed myself last night.
If a mother is Rh + and a father is Rh + can the child be Rh - if the maternal grandmother is Rh -?
MASS CENSORSHIP TAKING PLACE AT R/WORLDNEWS REGARDING NYE COLOGNE SEX ATTACKS. ARTICLES DELETED AND COMMENTS FILTERED IN THE STICKIED POST. 100'S ALREADY REMOVED.
0800-066-3646 avg customer support phone number UK telephone number for avg customer support avg customer support phone number
U.K. Being ugly has ruined my life....
What exactly in numbers considered as Low Karma?
Do I look okay like this? Ppl stare
Open In Love- A View About Open Relationships
It is my parents' anniversary. My SO committed suicide a year ago.
Life is really, really bad. Don't know if I even want to go on.
I mean, the Oscars are a meaningless outdated piece of shit nowadays anyways, so who cares?
Nothing but bad things keep happening to me
Help reddit, I need advice on raising money for charity in UK!
My face when I realized the French Revolution is happening on a global scale:
What do you do when you can't get something off your mind?
Old friend texted me, saying Hey midi how's things going, did I move out yet?
2 years later and I'm still unemployed (kind of)
I want to smoke cigarettes, but I don't.
Why does anxiety stop me from the thing I want most?
just found out my girlfriend thinks "buzzfeed is beautiful"
I'm heartbroken.
THIS IS A LEMON LINE
I hope it'll get better from now on.
Why do religious people continuously pick on gay people???
I am a 25 y/o Asian, Had Sex with More Than 100 Prostitutes Across the Globe
I finally started college again after a three year hiatus, and now I can't afford my books.
What happened to the love?
