What to bring for as a provost in SCDF
psychiatry rotations?
A question regarding national service bond
Where to get a Scratch map?
Poster frames... Art prints in general
Where can i meet other teenager in Singapore ?
5th Annual Excursion to Japan for JC and Poly Students - accom and meals paid for
5 Ways Retrenched People Should be Spending Their Time While Searching For Jobs
Two NTU professors in Thomson Reuters' list of the world's 19 hottest researchers
Wisteria Condo | First Class Private Condominium in Yishun
People flock to showrooms over the weekend as small car COE premiums fall
A Blast from the Past: The Bygone Era of Iconic Areas in Old Singapore
Outdoor Furniture- Choose the Right One
Would you want to grow old in today's nursing homes?
My brother who suffered brain damage went out from home and lost his way back. We need your help!
Shuqun Secondary's principal on the bullying case
Loan offer to solve financial problem
PSA:Gamers of r/singapore there is now halo online for pc
Software to compile images in to time-lapse?
Online shopping for men?
in desperate need of advice on visa for U.S.
Hi I really need help with this survey!
Cheapest way to establish a company in Singapore
Where to get Nike Air Huaraches in Singapore?
I am a medical student in a local university. AMA.
Looking for friends to go to Laneway with!
Mediacorp TV Series "Growing Up" from 1996. Help needed to find where I can buy the DVD Box Set.
Looking to study in Singapore. Really need advice.
Accountants gather here!
If a new player disrupts the rules, maybe it's the rules that need to change
[singapore] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:alsalatgiiaial
The trouble with drinking in singapore..
SD cards for sale
I got scammed on carousell for 2 of my csgo knives.
2nd hand bookstores?
Help Needed : Data Recovery in Singapore
I just saw some NS servicemen handle a traffic accident terribly, have a few questions.
Anyone has a laminating machine i could borrow?
Does anyone know where to find the Razer Blade Stealth in Singapore?
What app do you use to get around with public transportation?
Duric: SG football in its worst state, people running the game choosing short term measures to paper over the cracks
Carousell SG Admin Is A Scammer/Fraudster! Osaka Bags Tom.
7 important things you must know about your rights as a S’porean employee, or else…
Mondays set aside for National Team trainings
X-post from r/nosleep - story about ECP
Hi O'Level takers, what are your school choices?
Help Bring Hope to Sabrina
Help help help, help answer my question!
Typography global alfabet project: i need you! (x-post from /r/typography)
Help me by helping yourself! :D Redeem a free 10 dollar uber ride by using my code :)
Thinking of quitting CCA in JC?
What do you think about the entire SkillsFuture initiative?
Need help with my lost wallet
Will my messy handwriting affect my I level result? Should I appeal for recheck.but I heard there is little chance of changing result. I was shocked my e maths last yr b4 but this yr c5. Maybe I should recheck other subject . What you think?
Anyone going to laneway tomorrow???
Singtel excess mobile data rates?
What is something important that a 20 year old should learn RIGHT NOW?
For all jc applicants, here's something to keep you calm this JAE
I'm a NSF considering taking acca. What is the day-to-day of an accountant or finance related like?
So I carried out my own social justice...
Got these Pepsi Football cards from KFC &gt;15 years ago. Anyone remember them?
Is MP Desmond Lim right about crime in Singapore?
The Good Product: Xiaomi In Singapore
27 Bangladeshi Terrorists Thought They Were Chosen By God To Work In Deconstruction Industry
Singapore Yoga Instructor Shares Her Wellness Philosophy
RI's 'O' level scores: only one in class of 10 qualified for JC
Start-up creator investing in 'deep tech' ventures here
Starhub horrible coverage
N LEVEL PFP HELP
Chinese New Year Prayers/Customs for recently deceased relatives
Where to buy mobile phone for cheap
Any recommendations for windows installation company with specialty in soundproofing?
Looking for pay-per-entry gyms with punching bags. Any recommendations?
Hey sg redditors, with Valentine's Day coming up, what are some fun (and uncommon) date ideas you can suggest?
Paying every NSF an extra $500 a month adds only 1.8% to the defence budget
Singapore agency boss on new Tiger Beer ad: 'How can a 'local' brand listen to a tune sung by a non-local agency?'
woman with depression gets ambigram tattoo
Polytechnic student returns S$30,000. Including his S$500 reward
Apple to slightly raise prices of apps in several countries, including Singapore
Fantastic Froyo Flavours From Frozen
Which channel to watch golden globes?
CAD drops to $1.0145 against SGD
Singaporean Doctor Rose to the Occasion and Saved Toddler's Life on KLM Flight
Singapore second-most popular destination in Asia Pacific: MasterCard index
More women shed their embarrassment in bid for a better sex life
Starting degree in unisim - Singapore
[Serious] Where's the best place to seek professional counseling or psychologist help?
This will be the most downvoted post
good place to buy american footballs in Singapore?
Is a branded University Overrated? (for Engineering)
IKEA made me walk the long way round
Weird Coincidence in the mrt?
How many of you are actually born and raised in Singapore?
PSA: Netflix Singapore and MyRepublic
It is the Cheapest place for root canal treatment in spore? Anyone?
Anyone know what this drink is called and where I can buy more?
If there is gonna be a terror attack on Singapore soil (God forbid), how do you think Racial relations would fluctuate/not fluctuate?
Abolish keep left on escalator?
Singapore's No.1 Hair Fall Control Shampoo With Natural Ingredients
Ong Ye Kung: "Greater exercise of judgment needed’ to deal with complex world"
Difficult to fill vacancies for programmers, say smaller firms
Footage of a car not moving until the moment before the traffic light turns red!
Looking to host a party
S-League's exodus of veterans
I lost my passport in Singapore :(
Carried by yours truly
Best tattoo studio for Polynesian tattoos
Edusave awards
o levels advice???
SMRT Reserved Seating
Architecture Students of Singapore, what advice do you have for a soon-to-be Architecture Student?
Best place to buy a new laptop? Also anyone has any recommendation?
So...quick question on PES rating/status.
Man responsible for SLE accident on Tuesday arrested
Keppel axes over 6,000 O&amp;M workers as contracts dry up. I guessed this is the first to many to come.
The Solutions Project : How Singapore can achieve 100% renewable energy
Is there any shop in Singapore that sells Steelseries Rival Fade 300?Looking to buy one!
Singapore's tax on race
SBOBET Casino Online - Bonus 5 Setiap Deposit
Singapore biggest peanuts fan spotted
So I heard the Train broke down again today?
Extra 10% concession on port dues for container vessels in Singapore
[Help] Tips on studying for O levels??
Need advice for upcoming competition
Did anyone get into SIT with a GPA 3.0 in 2015 uni admission?
Was wondering if anyone with GPA 3.2 entered Local Uni?
PSA: With the announcement of Netflix on Singapore...
What can I expect from PES E9L9?
Best camera shops?
Is there still Friday Night Magic in Singapore?
Need help shipping something from Australia
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 04, 2016
Singapore fashion survey
Taiwanese singer Stella Chang will film Singapore gig: Popular 1990s Taiwanese singer's concert at the Indoor Stadium will be her first here in 20 years
Punggol Waterway Terrace
National Art Gallery, Singapore
Appeal has been filed. Go ahead and AMA.
Are people on jobstreet purposely lower their expected salaries just to get a chance for interview and negotiate the actual salary later?
Filipina Art School Graduate looking for an Internship in Singapore
Need help with NS
Questions about immigrating
How do NS give ranking?
Question: Anyone here uses solar power to power their homes?
Locations of lax cinema
Where can a foreigner apply for remote work in Singapore?
What will you learn with your Skillsfuture credit?
What is a legal cheap electric personal transport vehicle/cycle/scooter that I can bring on the train?
Is this even legal?
What Place is this in Singapore?
Netflix to block proxy access to content not available locally
Where to get Altoids in Singapore
Any suggestions for a good Concentration Meditation teacher in SG?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 19, 2016
Singapore office prices and rentals decline in Q4 | Realestatecoulisse.com
SG50 HDB Facade Art Timelapse and Hyperlapse
Singapore is #6 on Bloomberg Innovation Index
Xiaomi In Singapore
Singapore Education System: Know All About the Leaning Structure
When do my snacks expire?
Looking for locals to help me in this survey!
Going overseas a day or two before my leave starts NS?
Enlisting soon
Food Fight - Manhattan Fish Market vs Fish&amp;Co.
What should I do if I got D7 for English O level but passed during mid-year exams and normal school exams?
Traveling on April!
Best+Cheapest place to rent Star Wars costumes?
A question on SIM card purchase.
From JC/Poly to an overseas university
So I got short-listed for a job that would pay S2,000 - $2,800 monthly. Is that a salary you can actually live on?
About NS in Home Team.
Visiting for 12 hours, should I rent a car or use the MRT?
A bit of a suaku question... but how do you post items through mail?
Married 6 years, I'm tired of it... I do not want to have fun? [singapore]
I'm tirеd оf it... i dо nоt want tо havе fun?
UI studio built using ember.js!!
Got these Pepsi Football cards from KFC &gt;15 years ago. Anyone remember them?
an honest resume
are NUS dorm rules enforced?
Anyone ever compiled a list of shows available on Netflix SG?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 23, 2016
How an Ah-Beng might pick up a girl.
Do you know your Chinese new year snacks calories intake? You’ll be surprise !
Hi Guys. We spent some days in Singapore and put this short Video together. We really hope you like it!
Gardens by the Bay - was cycling by the other night
really EXOluXioninSG today at Singapore..please tell me?just a fan
Singaporean charged in Australia for money laundering.
Ants: awesome timelapse
Tao Li out of race to Rio - National swimmer wants to focus on business and studies, but will compete in SEA and Asian Games
Custom build simple NAS for home - where in Singapore?
Questions about Millennia Institution
Sub for teenagers?
Traveler briefly staying in Singapore. Looking for someone to have a drink with and talk a bit about life in the city
Anyone want to give me a quick nighttime tour of Singapore? I'll buy dinner or a Singapore Sling at Raffles!
What to do at MacRitchie Reservoir?
I need to make some friends
Anyone gone camping before? Any tips &amp; tricks?
2016 might not look good for workers
TIL N.Korea has an embassy in Singapore
Waterway Point Brings New Buzz to Punggol
Planning to go out tomorrow. Are there anything interesting other than sightseeing and food?
Everyone's face when enlisting for NS
Katie Temperament stripes shirt dress - Dresses - BORATO
Anyone know where to get a corn dog in this town? [serious]
Things in Singapore that are cheap
Anybody here would like to buy furniture?
Where to buy a trustworth hoverboard in SG?
Any recommended place/ school to start learning MMA?
Decided to go Temasek Poly, which courses should I go?
TV Army Green Man POP-UP.
Where to take serious/systematic cooking classes?
I am looking to study abroad in Singapore. For a semester.
How important are additional qualifications in climbing the career ladder?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 28, 2016
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 27, 2016
Any IOS app or online map that can show MRT Map, Bus map, and city map?
SMRT feels the heat of competition from the new Downtown Line 2 [Real r/nottheonion shit]
Cheapest Retail Price for Innisfree Products in Singapore
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for singapore
Red or green? Public to vote for colour of new public buses
Is this guy's linkedin account for real?
I thought I was a gambling god.
Shanmugam: Collective effort needed to safeguard racial, religious harmony in Singapore
AMA - I am a full time private tutor
25 points for o level is it hard to go to a polytechnic course ?
Any O-Level students anticipating their results?
PES C9L2 - NS in police
what is the recent saga in edmw hwz forums about?
Where can you get the best fried chicken?
Back in Singapore
What's happening this weekend?
Where can a 17 y/o make new friends in Singapore?
Travelling over Chinese New Years
Singapore's orchid industry threatened by rising costs, competition
Nikon Photo Contest: Viral Sensation or PR Fiasco?
Pre Natal &amp; Post Natal Pilates in Singapore
TIL Singapore established diplomatic relations with Syria in 2008
NCMPs to get equal voting rights as MPs; number of opposition MPs to go up to 12 from 9 from next election: PM Lee
Oh boy...The sickness is spreading to Singapore now?(X-post from TumblrInAction)
Stop Madonna's concert: FCBC's Nina Khong calls for PM Lee to intervene
[PSA] Govt has $150m in unclaimed funds
2 high-speed train services to Singapore, says operator
Singapore comes out tops in APAC for talent competitiveness
International student seeking financial aid, have multiple questions about financial schemes.
About film/analog photography.
Where do to Braces in Singapore
where do I find cheap drinks/liquor in Singapore?
Jc:4h2 subject combination appeal help pls
How different is Singapore's Education compared to HK and TW?
Any GRF/NPCO here to share their experiences
Ideas to AWOL from NS
First day of jc on friday
how i got my husband back
Best option for short-term flat (1-2 months) in Singapore
Are there any media networks locally who support gaming/YouTube?
17F Question about pawn shop/where to get cheap jewelry
Collection of articles about lottery purchase in Singapore.
Issue with Lazada merchant - Help!
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 29, 2016
Tyre/Wheel shop and Car Audio shop recommendations?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 13, 2016
Customise Singapore Holiday Packages
TIL every S.League player has to pass a fitness test of running 2.4km in under 9 mins 30 seconds.
Why the Singapore government secretly loves Uber
Oh look, another expat story!
Bringing my pc on board during flight to Beijing
Hooking up in singapore
O Level Results 2016 Thoughts and Opinions
Where can I buy a 20 liter stock pot in Singapore?
Any cheap and good dry cleaners to recommend?
Our first "out of the country" family trip, to Singapore. Kindly help by giving inputs on where to go to. TIA.
How long does it take to learn driving in Singapore from scratch? How much does it cost?
Wonder if anyone here knows if we can visit any tech offices (especially robot related)
United Airlines to Start Only U.S.-Singapore Non-Stop Flight
Uprooted idyllic life in UK to serve National Service in Singapore
Interesting business insights from the infamously popular "Chen Fu Ji" fried rice owner
Over half of International Baccalaureate top scorers from Singapore
Getting To Know Your Balls Better
[singapore] My name is Amy! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
SCDF burns SAF with this photo of a SCDF recruit
1 First-time start-ups: How do you handle the drafting of contracts and legal documents?
Help posting a letter
Looking to host a party in a hotel suite. Any recommendations?
Looking to skateboard in Singapore. Is it legal/will I get into trouble?
What day of the week has the fewest people/crowd in Universal Studios Singapore?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 09, 2016
How much to give for Chinese new year ang bao for 2016. Take a look and you’ll be surprise!
China Slowdown to Hurt Export-Heavy Singapore the Most in Southeast Asia
North-South Expressway to have express bus lanes, cycling route
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my gass
Sick leave supposed to be an entitlement. Companies should not judge the performance based on the days you took MC!
Singapore private home prices fall 3.7 pct in 2015 | Realestatecoulisse.com
Local dating for Singapore
should i change jobs?
Anyone else that is enlisting on 28th Jan as Pes BP?
Two new statutory boards to be formed for skills and employment
What A - Level Subjects are crucial for me to get admitted into NUS Political Science?
Poly help o levels
Help! Friend is caught shoplifting in Mustafa
What's the average cost for a driving license in singapore?
I don't know if this is the right sub, but as a male, dual citizen who is going to college soon, I would like some advice.
Buying Japanese hobby magazines in Singapore
Shaving before enlistment
What's up with the increasing numbers of non-expat Caucasians in SG?
Anyone noticed very very low clouds just slightly before new year yesterday at Marina Bay?
Netflix is officially live in Singapore
Need help and advice
DAE get annoyed by articles like this? Home grown ones, even.
Man arrested for allegedly posting bomb threat online
For wedding, documentary and event shoot &amp; interview, whats the best mic to use? Have anyone try Sennheiser AVX, G3 or others
Opposition to NS defaulter Melvyn Tan’s SSO performance
David Bowie talks to a Singaporean taxi driver in 1980s
Some of you older fellas might remember Craig Foster who once played for Singapore in the Malaysia Cup? (NSFW)
Where to eat in Singapore?
Japan presses Singapore to ease restrictions on Fukushima imports
The elected presidency might be scrapped...
IDA &amp; MDA To Be Combined And Split Into Two New Statutory Boards
How is studying in NYP like?
where i can sell my old Xbox 360 Games for a Decent price?
Good Game Shops in Singapore?
Why aren't there any trams in Singapore?
A little spooky story to help you sleep. Or not.
/r/Singapore Makan outing!
Any other CSGO players on Singtel experiencing loss spikes on servers?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for January 22, 2016
Online shopping with fast shipping?
﻿RELYING ON EXAGGERATION TO CREATE GREAT 3D ANIMATION
What's the name of this place?
Next time use hi-res photo if you want to cheat. Not sure if the Nikon Singapore page is poking fun or had made a huge mistake.
Apple launches limited edition Chinese New Year special Apple Watch models, available in Singapore Jan 15
Up to $34b worth of construction contracts expected in 2016, with highest share of demand from public sector in 14 years
Documentary about David Bowie visiting Singapore.
Hi Singapore! I have a couple questions:
Do you find r/Singapore boring?
Why are cigarettes and alcohol legal if the aim of Singapore's drug policy is to protect us from harmful and addictive drugs? What is the true aim of local drug laws?
My experience with CHAT Mental Health in SG. Recommended for those with concerns.
Looking for a church. Are there any somewhat theologically progressive churches in Singapore?
Skip Bak Kwa Queue
Bit of a silly question but is there any Cricket clubs in Singapore?
Bone Marrow Donation in Singapore
Anybody got any experience with any music schools?
need polytechnic courses advice
Anyone wants to play Cards Against Humanity?
There be some bad juju along the AYE this week...
"Legit" story from a legitimate news source
Can globalising without going global help Singapore businesses in a downbeat economy?
Why are petrol pump prices high when crude oil prices have dipped below US$30 a barrel?
27 radicalised Bangladeshis arrested in Singapore under Internal Security Act: MHA
(Singapore Music) Disco Hue - "Gotta Find You" [Electronic Pop] Currently going viral in Singapore!
In SCDF, our recruits look forward to being part of the Life Saving Force.
Singapore’s first “Lego-style” high-rise residences at NTU
Google hiring engineers in Singapore
I'm coming to SG on wednesday the 27th and am looking for a place to crash for the first two nights
Can anyone decipher this?
So, who thinks they'll be out of a job this year?
Men's shoes: Where to get a Goodyear welt re-soled in Singapore?
Anyone from Multimedia and Infocomm Technology NYP here?
What does Singapore do to integrate foreigners?
How do you deal with everyday racism in SG?
Winter clothes
Anyone here who did their NS before tertiary education(poly/JC/ITE/private etc)?
Stain remover for tiles
Moving to Singapore, where to meet people?
PM Lee shared this FB post - Worthwhile Endeavour, Meaningful Journey, Wonderful People
How legit is this charity organisation?
[singapore] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
[Data.gov.sg]Academic Qualifications of teachers in public school improving over time.
I’ve seen the future in Singapore, and I have basically stopped using the social media
Impending PR disaster from Maybelline?
After the party, 300 cleaners collect 30,000 kg of rubbish at Marina Bay countdown event
Anyone know a good driving instructor to recommend? (Serious) *
Best place to repair iPad 2
Private Driving Instructor
Printing places for Architecture students in Singapore ?
Some advice on what to do after NS?
Singtel Torrenting
Any reason to switch over from Singtel to MyRepublic?
I'm about to start working and I really need help in terms of finance!
Setting up a cocktail bar at home??
What are you working hours like?
General Company Policy Guidelines for Doing a part time job while fully employed
AntLion ModMic 4.0 is back on Massdrop!
Singapore witnesses the rise of the entrepreneur
To achieve a car-lite society, driving must be made inconvenient or even a frustrating experience.
Straightforward Issues
What if we made a serious game all voiced with thick Singaporean accents?
Beware of MyDigitalLock Pte Ltd
I guess it's over (Throwaway)
Anyone working as a diagnostic radiographer?
Good place to find old DS games in Singapore?
Cool places for a beer al-fresco ?
Where is a good place for steak?
Anyone knows where to buy type g outlet testers?
Is it possible to do Photography for A-level art?
online shopping in Singapore: I Love Xiaomi Camera
Oil falls below 30. Why is there no reduction in fuel prices?
TIL SBS Transit owns the North East line and Downtown line, SMRT owns the other lines
I created a reddit for Singapore
Money stolen from work, wrongfully accused
NEED FAST CASH? we can help. licensed money lender
Where can i hang out with other teenager in Singapore?
RANT: Why this step motherly policy by Singapore hospitals towards foreign residents?
PES D...Erm, so what should I do now?
How to get fundings for Business?
Why do Singaporean gamers tend to prefer MMOs like DotA, CS:GO and TF2 instead of more AAA games and RPGs?
Open! Battle Bunker Bugis+ - Mega TableTop Gaming Store.
Brewing your own beer?
9 January Mixer matchings!
Found this cool video sharing app made in Singapore. Just new know much about it? Can watch girls? :P
How much pocket money did you get/ are you getting in School?
The Delusions of Grandeur of Sangeetha Thanapal #chinesepriviledge
This guy cash out baby bonus, borrow money and stole wedding gold accessories from his wife
M1 net profit after tax increased 1.5% to S$178.5 million proposed final dividend of 8.3 cents | OCWorkbench
Mothers' Education Level for New Babies in Singapore
What is hiong kha/hiong ka?
WTS: WARHAMMER FANTASY CHAOS SET
BPI Best BCAA Supplements 300 grams, gym shack singapore
NS - When the cold wind blows?
[PSA] Manging your Singpass account
ULTRA SINGAPORE 2016
Credit Card Suggestions?
StarHub/MyRepublic?
Singaporean couple and 6 kids go on 6-month road trip to US
Hey, I'm Olivia and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
5 teens arrested for setting fire to large portion of Punggol Waterway on Saturday night
Pork prices expected to increase by 10% this Chinese New Year
Most Popular Passwords Of 2015 generated Have Been Revealed
On New Year's morning, a Rolls Royce helped me give way to ambulance
Know of any friends who are "attractive" and has a class 3 license? Waw
Sim Lim Cheat gets charged in court, tears didn't save him.
Hello reddiporeans, how relevant is your diploma in terms of what you are doing now?
Martial Arts near One-North MRT?
Coffeeshop with plug in smoking area?
How do I get a new haircut at a barber? What are some good barber shops?
/r/singapore random discussion and small questions thread for February 01, 2016
Are there good software engineering positions in Singapore?
What's the most unusual/unique car you've seen in Singapore?
Keppel axes over 6,000 O&amp;M workers as contracts dry up
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my ansd
Why Engaging Courier Companies Is Better Than Deliverymen
Off-duty firefighters put out Causeway Point fire
Man wearing only a T-shirt arrested for nudity outside State Courts
RIP Poonya the red panda
My hotel is in Kitchener Road. Where is the closest IMAX I can watch StarWars at in 3D?
ACS(I), Hwa Chong International report best results yet for IB
This goddamn weather
Does a Kaist degree has any weight in Singapore?
Question regarding NS deferment letter
Ooops. Let's try that again. Appealing VCH, AMA. Round 2.
Netflix Catalogue: US vs. SG
SAF vehicle involved in accident with bus, 6 hurt
For those who eat meat
The New Year is over in South East Asia, or is it?
is it just me or is this "youth policy" document from a church really bizarre?
should i change jobs or take up a degree?
To all SG gamers~ :D
Hi r/Singapore! What are fun things to do in Singapore on a tight budget?
How do you people feel about students being forced to buy veggies in school.
Organisation of CS:GO e-sports team
Is it easy to fix school long pants?
Where can i meet other teenagers in Singapore?
What if Singapore never happened ? Will the region be looked upon differently ?
Anyone disturbed by loud motorbikes at night?
Let's just hug it out (ST: Drivers confront each other after accident but dispute ends with hugs and handshakes)
Forum letter: "Why is an entity like Netflix not bound by Singapore's broadcasting rules?"
Singapore joins deflation club
A Professional Life Coaching Singapore, Lionel Lim
[singapore] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
People will do anything to get a date, I guess
5 Annoying Types of Singapore Mahjong Players | Mahjong King
@SG50 tweeted a new "SG" logo for the New Year
Ants: awesome timelapse
Pre-nursery options for an 18mth old
Don't know if this is the right sub, but as a male, dual citizen, I would like some advice.
Worries about NS
Book lovers, my friends and I are giving away some books. Any takers?
Marina Square vs Lady M. Can't help but sense a faint hint of bias in this article against the landlord.
Some Singaporeans are pretty unhappy with Netflix
Can You Afford Your Home? A Simple Affordability Test
These are the 10 best buffet deals in Singapore now
[singapore] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:dgaaaango
R21 content on Netflix to be hidden behind pin number.
The Race of Singapore to Become The Next IP Hub of Asia
Sp web development night class
Overseas stints ‘can help groom S’poreans into corporate leaders’
S’pore most forward-looking country in the world: Report
Stop Madonna Concert- FCBC's Lina Khong calls fot PM Lee to intervene
How to get out of NS early? (read for context before judging)
Bringing my pc along in plane to Beijing and then to Russia
Has anyone seen future floor wax in singapore?
Where do I start investing?
CPF Education Scheme
Need advice for my mom's deducted income
I am a Real Estate Salesperson, AMA!
What are the recent food crazes that you hate?
Debit card suggestions?
Any way to get a wireless@SG account without a mobile phone?
This guy travelled by rail to Europe. Do you know any other routes?
Anything to look out for while renting a office?
Are chiropractic practices/TCM halls allowed to issue light duty/MCs?
magicians Jean-Christophe and Chris Kwong are filming street magic for 'Not the 5 show' airing Feb 10!
ST Letter "Open school sports facilities to the public", by Masagos Zulkifli
More companies in Singapore looking to hire in 2016: Report
Fire @ Punggol Waterway Park Pics sourced from Social Media
Guy spikes Japanese lecturer's drink with love potion.
came across this song by linying, I find it quite beautiful.
TIL Singa has his own cartoon series on Youtube. Pretty good too...
Sweet deal for chocolate makers here
Applying for Higher Nitec. About NS Status
Prata with egg, anyone?
The S7eSports CSGO Tournament Quarterfinals are tomorrow!
Where does Singapore stand in the global conversation of the refugee crisis and/or radicalised terrorism?
[Meta] All these post about NS..
