Why aren't there more socially owned corporations?
What would a banking system in a Socialist State look like?
Can someone explain the use of the word "trot" or "trotskyist" as an insult among left-wing circles.
Any great socialist fiction you think more people should know about?
Flaws of Socialism
Works on Dialectical Analysis
A few questions regarding higher taxation on the rich
A question for socialists...
AnCap delivers daily dose of cancer in why free markets are better
2030: The Earth was destroyed, but...
The Real Hillary Clinton
Is The Democratic Party “The Worst Thing To Happen to Women’s Movement”? [xpost /r/PoliticalVideo]
Why Socialism is Offensive
Tamir Rice and America’s Tragedy
It is the year 2035 of our lord and savior Ron Paul
For 8th Year in a Row, Cuba's Infant Mortality Below 5 per 1000
Summary of "Southern Insurgency: The Coming of the Global Working Class" (2015) and its analysis of the rise of labor movements in India, China, and South Africa
Who would you rather work for: Joseph Stalin or Bernie Sanders?
I want to share some websites I have found, and I think would be valuable to some. And if I have missed anything please add them to the list.
The threat of terrorism in a socialist utopia.
Request: Add /r/Communalists to the sidebar of /r/Socialism
What are some good Zizek books?
Wright's Real Utopias
A piece of music which i think fits here very well
Trump, the Freedom Kids and Fascist Aesthetics
New Data shows that Americans are not keen to have a Billionaire president, preferring Sanders over Trump or Bloomberg
Candidate Trump retweets 'White Genocide' account
Choose The Best Yoga Studio In Chiang Mai
The Bloomberg Factor: Michael Bloomberg’s potential presidential run is the latest sign elites are rattled
A petition asking Amazon to stop promoting the how-to-rape-girls guides of radical neonazi anti-feminist RooshV. The petition is signed and shared so far by 235,365 supporters
What can be learned from Kshama Sawant's win in Seattle
The Democratic Republic of Congo: Still a mess, and still integral to global capitalism
ISO: “Fresh Air Fiends” of Class Collaboration
Bolsheviks Shooting Anarchists - Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman
Frankie Boyle: Who doesn't want to see Jeremy Corbyn elected? Can you think of anything more ridiculous than a man of principle being inexplicably elected to high office? Sure, he’ll be crushed under the heel of international finance, but I for one look forward to his glorious six-day premiership.
"Socialism vs Social Democracy." Wow. The ignorance is strong with this one.
Crimes of the Jewish ZioNazi Fascist Imperialist Banker Racists
Monsoon Revolution--"Abdel Razzaq Takriti’s excellent book will quickly be established as the definitive account of the revolutionary Arab nationalist and third worldist armed struggle in Dhufar, waged against the absolutist sultan of Oman and the British Empire from 1965 to 1976."
"In 1996, MI6 illegally funded an "al-Qaida" coup to assassinate Colonel Gaddafi...innocent people were killed."
"Communist Revolution" is the top crowdsourced idea to solve the budget crisis of Newfoundland and Labrador
Debate between Slavoj Zizek and ex-Communist David Horowitz, moderated by Julian Assange
Question regarding this Subreddit's Position on Freedom of Speech
Q: Articles presenting good argument against NAFTA?
How would your version of socialism change the status quo?
Good resources for info on Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh?
How Uneducated Certain Millennials Are...
An extract from a Frankie Boyle article:
Revolutionary Student Movement Halifax (RSM): RSM has arrived in Halifax!
Source for referenced Adam Smith theory
"I Can't Breathe": Leaked Police Cam Shows Handcuffed Oakland Man Screaming for Help Until He Dies
PBS’s ‘The Mine Wars’ Shows West Virginia’s Militant, Radical Labor History
The individual is a fiction: Why the left must return to party politics - interview with Jodi Dean
A day in the life of a progressive Filipino activist: confrontations
Dover riots: Antifascists clash with British Far Right militants
Reddit is cheering on an anti-immigrant fascist militia group. No jokes. Around 6,000 upvotes already.
"The Invention Of The White Race" by Theodore W. Allen. Presentation by Jeffrey B. Perry
Gates Foundation is spearheading the neoliberal plunder of African agriculture
Student activist wounded during Anti-APEC protests in Manila (2015)
A NEW DOOR: Lakshyam’s Ghaziabad Center For Education And Skill Development
Mein Kampf is a bestseller in Germany again. • /r/worldnews
It’s not just you: Americans are actually still getting poorer
Muslim anti-Isis march not covered by mainstream media outlets, say organisers | Home News | News
INTRODUCTION TO DIALECTICAL MATERIALISM – THE FOUNDATION OF REVOLUTIONARY THEORY
An Unbroken Line: New Afrikan Resistance from 1619 to the Present
Was 4 Chan always so right wing?
Opus Energy Customer Services
CNN Documentary series "High Profits:" A Crash Course on Capitalism
Over 50% of French cops voted for far right fascist party National Front
No, Socialism Isn’t Just More Government - "Conflating socialism with all government action forces us to defend the state’s most objectionable activities."
The Evolution of Dr. King
That Capitalism is Bad for the Soul
Land of Hate and Fury The New British Far Right.
Emergency for Democracy: Unelected Manager Who Caused Flint Water Crisis Now Runs Detroit Schools
The Young Benjamin
Turkey Wages Lengthy Battle for Kurdish Stronghold--Militants in the ancient city of Diyarbakir face down Turkish tanks in a monthslong fight that has claimed hundreds of lives
Protracted people’s war is the only way to make revolution
Immortal Technique - Industrial Revolution
Finally Got the News | A documentary that reveals the activities of the League of Revolutionary Black Workers inside and outside the auto factories of Detroit.
Central Texas: Serve the People has a meeting on Feb 2nd in Austin. Help us organize housing, help others find employment, and provide necessities to Texas' workers in need!
'We love you!' Conservative women turn blind eye to Donald Trump's slurs
"The Obama Administration Should Be Found Guilty of War Crimes in Yemen" - Huff Post
Socialism = selfish? (The human nature argument).
Change Comes From The Bottom Up
supporters of socialism
Censorship in /r/SandersForPresident
Why aren't socialist groups active in Hawaii?
Any former reactionaries here?
Renewable energy and Capitalism
Who Wants to Own the Means of Production?
Is there a concise list of the things that Karl Marx "successfully predicted"?
Questions from a Former conservative
How would farming and raising livestock work under socialism (not collectivization or social democracy, I'm talking about real socialism where the state and capital has been abolished)
The Black Lives Matter Schism: Towards a Vision for Black Autonomy
Are you a precariat, new affluent worker or elite? Study reveals there are now 7 social classes in the new jargon-filled British class system
Trump's supporters the heirs of segregation politics
This is what the Libertarians have already done to the world. Imagine what else they will accomplish in the future.
Is 2016 the year when the world tumbles back into economic crisis?
Examining Changes in the Working Class and how they Relate to Socialist Theory
Latin America Has to Fight and Win! "A few years ago, it really seemed that the Empire had finally lost....Then the Empire re-grouped. It gathered its local lieutenants, its lackeys, and began striking back with deadly force."
Venezuelan Military Vows 'Absolute' Loyalty to Nicolas Maduro
The U.S. Intervention in Libya Was Such a Smashing Success That a Sequel Is Coming
A self-described "socialist" advocates nationalistic immigration policies
The Final Communiqué From The Red Army Faction (RAF) 'The revolution says: I was, I am, I will be again'
I would expect nothing but lies from the Daily Mail, but the comments in this thread are pretty horrifying...
Angry Nazis and Anti-Fascists Will Face Off in Dover on Saturday | VICE | United Kingdom
[socialism] I threw the guy, but I have a disease, that it does not accept, I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Are Prisons Obsolete?
The Mexican government tried to attack Subcomandante Marcos of the Zapatistas by claiming he was gay. This was Marcos' response.
I Hate New Year’s Day | Antonio Gramsci on socialism and New Year’s Day.
M-L-M Mayhem!: Identity Politics = Gulags! So what?
What If Uber Were a Unionized, Worker-Owned Co-Op?
Yes, people can starve in benefit-sanctions Britain | Frances Ryan
Unify or Die: Revolutionary Struggle and American Gangs
Polyamory as a rejection of capitalism
The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is a Capitalist Society - Raya Dunayevskaya (1941)
Venture capitalist firm announces 5-year project to perform original research on basic income.
What is your opinion of Mikheil Saakashvili?
Need some facts and figures about Communist/Socialist party membership in the US:
Someone on /r/TrueAskReddit asked "What's wrong with communism". I attempted to answer, and I'm curious if people here could give me constructive feedback for what I wrote.
Question about Labor Vouchers
What are some arguments that a planned economy would/could work?
Curious, whats the opinion of Jill Stein on here?
"This isn't capitalism, it's crony capitalism"
Paul Bronfman ‘outraged’ over pro-Palestinian mural at York University
Workers Stage Walk-Off at Ports in NY, NJ: Port Authority
We’ve been conned by the rich predators of Davos | Aditya Chakrabortty
World's Richest Lose $194 Billion In First Trading Week of 2016
The ‘not racist’ myth
Portugal’s Right hopes to claw back power via presidency
Sunset at the Community Gardens
Keep your scythe, the real green future is high-tech, democratic, and radical
What Is The Country's Most Important Problem?
Naomi Murakawa &amp; #BlackLivesMatter: Liberals, Guns and the Roots of the U.S. Prison Explosion (x-post r/communismworldwide)
55 years ago, the CIA murdered Patrice Lumumba, Congolese revolutionary leader
CNN analyst: White militiamen aren’t a threat like black protesters because ‘they’re not looting anything’
Livestream Rosa Luxemburg Conference 2016 Berlin
Glоbal search service partner for one night. Complete anonymity , not pays! subcribe Required.
Documentary about the '43 Group', a group of Jewish Antifa veterans of WWII who organised and smashed post-war British Street Fascism. 'We would hit them, we would hit them very hard'
Bernie Won’t Break The Banks
Map of all the countries in the world invaded by Britain
The Most Important Socialist in America Not Named Bernie Sanders Just Won Re-election
"What would little Aylan become if he'd grown up?". An ape molesting German women." Charlie Hebdo's latest "humour".
LionsClubsIndia
Tea Party Conserverative here, looking to learn about the good of socialism in order to have a more open mind, tell me all about it!
Question: What's the difference between a democratic socialist and libertarian socialist?
Why did so many revolutions fail? How do we prevent this in the future?
Report-back from the Southern Socialist and Labor Conference.
What do you all think about this?
What did Venezuela do wrong?
Hegemony vs. Democracy in Asia Pacific - Koohan Paik
How Racism Is Bad for Our Bodies
Sanders supporters overwhelmingly defending CEO pay disparity... This is enraging.
Why Did the Venezuelan Supreme Court Accept a Challenge to Election Results?
Danish MPs approve seizing valuables from refugees
White Militias: As Usual, the White Left is Missing the Point
Turkey's renewed war on the Kurds
How do you think Media will change in future??
Paul Robeson: the singer who fought for justice and paid with his life
Poverty linked to childhood depression, changes in brain connectivity
Debate sobre Socialismo y Partido revolucionario en el "Foro Nacional Bolivariano Revolucionario" del Diario Vea y otras actividades a carácter ideológico
Enzo Traverso: The Memory of the Twentieth Century Left
One Of The Many Face of Racism in America
How would masculinity be perceived in a socialist society?
Torrent for 5650 Communist propaganda posters from the USSR, Cuba, and Chile.
Me and my fiance care about how our actions affect other people.. are we alone?
Socialist composers of classical music
#ResistCapitalism is trending on twitter.
A glimpse into the progressive student (and some more) movement of Manila (part 2)
Detroit Public School Teachers call out en masse. Solidarity to Detroit teachers!
Why Haitians Are Chanting ‘Down with Obama’
How Militarily Equipped are Women Guerrillas?-2005
Tax-dodging by the superrich is driving global inequality, Oxfam says
Apparently, agrarian reform isn't the government's duty in the Philippines.
Leonardo DiCaprio: "We simply cannot afford to allow the corporate greed of the coal, oil and gas industries to determine the future of humanity"
Cuba’s Chinatown bears the ghosts of the past, and hope for the future
Paul Robeson's HUAC hearing (1956)
A 15 year old's economic plan for the USA (including some socialist policies)
Alarmed Clinton Supporters Begin Focusing on Sanders’s Socialist Edge
I had no idea reddit was this reactionary. Jesus.
Starvation in Syria 'a war crime,' U.N. chief says
The Retreat of the Intellectuals
"Infrastructure is a means of production" I have no words...
Most Popular Free Online Dating Websites 2016
An urgent cry from Hong Kong
Making awareness for otherkin acceptance, since she is a cat
Protest organised for 12pm 10th January, at Chinese embassy in London over 5 missing HK booksellers. Organised by HK Overseas Alliance : unitedkingdom
Bundy's Oregon Occupation Is Capitalist at Its Core
The indirect message to the 99%
"What would little Aylan become if he'd grown up? An ape molesting German women." Charlie Hebdo's latest "humour".
Facing Political Crisis, Brazil’s Left May Be Forced to Regroup
"I Challenge You!" [Vermin Supreme for Overlord of Planet Earth 2016]
Children with heart defects treatment standards scrapped due to hospital's donations to republican politicians
Unemployed capitalist: Robotic chef cooks gourmet meals
As Mein Kampf returns to Germany, the world is again awash with hatred
Chaos Reigns in Venezuelan Legislature as Assembly Suspended
Deutschland 83: ‘A lot of people were happy in East Germany’
Liberal response to Eugene Debs quote...
Are here also nationalists?
I'm giving away 5 copies of Reform or Revolution by Rosa Luxemburg
If the Internet existed during the Nazi era, what would we say about current political figures?
Can someone provide me with any introductory texts on globalisation from a socialist/marxist perspective?
What are the best editons of the Communist Manifesto and Das Kapital I could read?
What is the downside to voting?
Former Anarcho"-Capitalists. What lead you to socialism?
Chomsky saying that not only would he vote Sanders, but that he would vote Hilary over a Republican (if he lived in a swing state)
How are the people in this thread taking this seriously?
Jeremy Corbyn's supporters are more working class than other
European Internationalist Volunteers of the YPJ/YPG call upon all the revolutionary youth of the world to join the struggle against State Terror in North Kurdistan/Bakur and join the YPS. ''Youth is the time for action, it is not the time for talk"
White House seeks to enlist Silicon Valley to 'disrupt radicalization'
Growing up under Communist rule made me the tough feminist I am today
Responding to the Cologne attacks
Screaming into the White Abyss: What I Learned from White Supremacist Twitter
PKK apologises for killing children in Turkey car bombing
6 Ways America Treats Poor People Like Criminals
[United Kingdom] Jeremy Corbyn: Sympathy strike ban should be lifted
More relevant than ever! Immortal George Carlin talks about " American Dream "
This is ridiculous. Can we form a militia now? If these right wing idiots can take over a small government agency's headquarters think of what they could do to us if they wanted.
Morale at Oregon Standoff Collapses After Militia Member Goes AWOL, Drinks Away Donation Money
(x-post /r/anarchism) Hey, help me put together radical care packages for the homeless in my area!
Can somebody explain to me why a socialist would say this? Because the lolbertarians are using it...
Planned Parenthood sues anti-abortion group behind secret videos
Are there some notable right wing intellectuals that are worth reading?
Someone on /r/TMAF is asking for facts about Karl Marx
"dangerous western values"
Anyone know of any anti-imperialism leaflets?
Looking for Comrades in London and the South East of the UK
What do we think of the Countries with low crime rate and stricter gun laws?
Towards a Radical Critique of Eurocentrism: An Interview with Alexander Anievas and Kerem Nisancioglu on the Origins of Capitalism
Question for UK redditors: as a student, if I want to start donating to ONE UK Union, which one should I donate to?
AP Interview: Colombia's Santos Wants Rebels off Terror List
Rise of the Robots Will Eliminate More Than 5 Million Jobs
IMF: Venezuela Inflation to Surpass 700 Percent
Malcolm X: Speeches and Interviews (1960-65)
Jewish settlers bore into Palestinian children's bedroom
Former Dutch Soldier Arrested for Fighting with the YPG
My top 5 silicone based lubricants
Fast-Track Wisconsin Bill Would Allow Speedy Sell-off of Public Water Utilities
In India you need to marry because
Describe Your 2015 In One Word
Some Nice Truths the Oregon Standoff is Bringing to Light in its First Hours, Expressed in Hypothetical Headlines
Ayneen Sosyal Ağı Aynıları Gibi Olmasın - pclook.net
The Far Right Comes to Sweden
Germany and the U.S. Empire (Pt. 4)
Venezuelan Revolutionaries March as Right-Wing Takes Assembly
Anarchist, communist, feminist graffiti inflicts thousands of dollars in damage at Cornell University, Sigma Pi fraternity
ELI5: Do Cubans get to pick their job?
Long before helping Flint, Michigan officials were shipping clean water to their own workers
Vladimir Putin accuses Lenin of placing a 'time bomb' under Russia
A speech given by Che Guevara at the UN General Assembly in 1964 (Eng. Subtitles)
Liberals and their opinion on revolution.
Arguments against Marx's LTV: What is your response?
"Donald Trump and the Politics of Resentment" New essay by the Arch Druid Himself.
(X post from /r/anarchism) Lenin did lead to Stalin
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:aosaansaaaglntaasaa
On Social Sadism -"Becoming a radical critic of capitalism involves a process of disenchantment, the dying of surprise at the system’s depredations; but being one, a long-term witness to those depredations, is to repeatedly discover that we can be shocked by what no longer surprises us."
Stephen Hawking Says We Should Really Be Scared Of Capitalism, Not Robots
Bernie Sanders attacks Hillary Clinton, "Greed Of Wall Street"; Thoughts?
Capitalist Nader's "Socialist" Foot Soldiers
Slavoj Zizek &amp; Stephen Kotkin | Stalin: Paradox of Power
Has The Crash of 2016 Now Begun? - Richard D Wolff
Anti-feminist neonazi RooshV gets angry that BBC exposes him as the monster he is
Thousands of Cuban Refugees Crossing the Border
Trident’s trumpet-blowers wouldn’t push the button
This is the first I have herd of them, and it terrifies me.
12 year old child shot dead in Pennsylvania during attempt to evict family from their home
"If it happened there": Salon covers American events and describes them using the tropes and tone normally employed by the American media to describe events in other countries. Today Oregon standoff as if it were in China.
'They shouldn't put their faith in us - the system won't be changed' - Interview with Socialist Party MP on objectives of Socialist alliance contesting the next general election in Ireland
The Making of a Modern British Soldier - Informative video for you comrades by Mr Ben Griffin, head Veterans For Peace UK.
Spain's Catalonia region faces fresh elections after a small anti-capitalist party, the CUP, refused to support the pro-independence leader Artur Mas--"The CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy) wants Catalonia to have a socialist economy with power devolved to local assemblies."
TED TALK...Yanis Varoufakis: Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up
Why do I have to respect right wing libertarians?
I am so glad I found SAlt!
Capitalism is...
Resources on how capitalism affects us personally (like our thoughts and feelings and stuff)?
Underrated/Little Known Socialists
How would you argue against these points made against socialism?
What works should I read before I start Capital?
What do you think of the Mexican Revolution?
A question for comrades who were once fascist
The People of Flint: Poisoned By the White Supremacist, Capitalist State!
I believe that griffins, good men and other mythical creatures exist - prove me correct, at least in one aspect!
Sexism is not an imported product: on the Cologne NYE assaults
Why is Sarah Palin/Trump decrying Crony Capitalism and Trade deals?
Swedish Police, Accused of Cover-Up, Look Into Reports of Sex Assault at Festival
U.S. Escalates Battle to Keep Guantánamo Force-Feeding Tapes Hidden
Oh the irony! "Are you a commie, or a citizen?"
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my snda
Potential Employee Uprising Quelled with Free Pizza
How the extremist right hijacked ‘Star Wars,’ Taylor Swift and the Mizzou student protests to promote racism
Turkey arrests 20 intellectuals for "insulting the state"...
Indefinite teachers strike in Slovakia has started
If I lived under a purely socialist government, would it be acceptable to never work?
Oil prices fall for sixth session as recovery hopes wane | "The third leg of the financial crises involving emerging markets that the IMF, World Bank, BIS and various messengers of doom had warned of has come into play,"
China's Hunger for Commodities Wanes, and Pain Spreads Among Producers | Prepare for a crisis of overproduction.
I'm trying to track down a speech given by Martin Luther King Jr. where he expresses Socialist views.
Why is it that conservatives, Republicans in particular, are so overwhelmingly Christian when Jesus is depicted as being a socialist?
What does Marx say about scarce resources?
Thoughts on Autonomism?
Cameron says 90% of people aspire to own their own home and has formed his policies as a result of this....
Hero Man Charged for Throwing Tomatoes at Donald Trump During Iowa City Stop
Ta-Nehisi Coates on Bernie Sanders and Reparations
New Venezuelan Revolutionary Congress Formed
Another World Is Possible: Introductory Definitions
Christian Fighters Abandon Anti-ISIS Kurd Group Because It's Communist
Looks like the service sector can't just infinitely provide jobs forever.
Venezuela's Communal Parliament Meets Amid Right-Wing Threat
Europe crushed by the fascists, islamofascists, bureaufascists and their masters
"Stir up the workers against this impostor" -- Cannon on bourgeois third parties
The Shape of the Coming Crisis
Why some people's outrage over the Cologne attacks is racist
West must 'fess up' to crimes of colonialism
Making a Murderer Is More Than a Compelling Whodunit, It’s an Incisive Portrait of American Social Class (Spoilers for all episodes of "Making a Murderer")
yes Virginia, there is a left-wing reform movement
The Impossibility of Anarcho-Capitalism - Bunker Magazine
Hillary Clinton Represents the Asshole Class
YPS-Jin to women of the world: ‘struggle is the only way’
Sanders Says Reich, Warren Helped Shape His Economic Plan
(Might be the wrong plac but) Are there any current or former black panthers here who'd be willing to do an interview?
Anarcho-Capitalism
mrw I attempt to listen to/argue with racists online. Every single fucking time.
U.S. authorities begin raids, taking 121 "illegal immigrants" into custody over the weekend
I'm New To Socialism Currently
Comrades, it seems every political debate/argument I have over social media is with a man any theories as to why?
Population Control Questions
Minor observation I had
Bernie Sanders megathread, because I'm bad at puns
Will Capitalism create more jobs when other businesses decline?
What is your current occupation, and how will that change come the revolution?
Chomsky vs Zizek
Just a heads up that the official /r/virtualcommunism teamspeak is up. Address inside this post.
Where does "risk" fit into the capitalist's production?
Can anybody summarise, and maybe critique the events in Iceland since the 2008 crash?
Comrades, why do so many Americans appear to be scabs.
Haiti's only presidential candidate, Jovenel Moise, took with the assistance of government and international corporations stole public peasant land for profit.
Inspection blitz finds three-quarters of Toronto bosses breaking law
Ultra-Rich 'Philanthrocapitalist' Class Undermining Global Democracy: Report
Revolutionary orgs led by the Kabataang Makabayan held an anti-APEC protest in Manila.
CNN: The 62 richest people have as much wealth as half the world
Check out this ideology
Tory bullying victim's mother: 'We won't go quietly' - BBC Newsnight
Affinity Water contact number
How the working class stopped WWI
IMF cuts global growth forecasts and warns that another financial crisis could be coming~ I recon china are in it for the long con, what do ye think?
Our one true lord and saviour
What are the most embarrassing things Ancaps and libertarians believe about socialism and capitalism?
Who was Leon Trotsky?
Oregon gunmen: mad at the government, what are their politics
Syria: the end game begins
Black lesbian activist declines MBE
In light of the current refugee crisis, and the refusal of certain countries to accept refugees, this poem makes a lot of sense...
How the “sharing economy” has turned San Francisco into a dystopia for the working class
Social Media Marketing Singapore
Removal of Chávez Images From Venezuela Capitol Raises Tension
Cruel irony: China’s Communists are stamping out labor activism
Cuba will not “negotiate matters inherent to its internal system in exchange for better relations with the US.”
Ursula Huws: Far from an egalitarian "sharing economy", technology has made it harder than ever to untangle capitalism from our daily lives
Understanding Marx - Red Shadow ( The economics Rock &amp; Roll Band )
What do you do for a living?
Highlighting a particular white-blindness in Reddit's thinking....
Noam Chomsky on Islamic Terrorism and the 2015 Paris Attacks
[Meta] Anyone else sick of all the Leftcoms on this sub? I vote we ban all of them.
Looking for a biography of Lenin.
Opinions on Pol Pot?
[Question] Do Ernesto LacLau and Chantal Mouffe accept Althusser's concept of Ideological State Apparatuses?
Night club lock out laws apparently are the reason for job cuts, not due to the owners holding on to as much profit as they can.
McKesson's Colbert Appearance is the Direction Imperialism Wants for the Black Lives Matter Movement
The truth about the "Tragedy of the Commons"
'Hundreds' of masked men beat refugee children in Stockholm
JEREMY - SUPPORTING THE NEW POLITICS
Red pill logic: a rape victim is damaged goods and no man should ever be with her and honour killings are justified.
Looks like r/history is run by the bourgeoise
The Sisterhood - L'lerrét Jazelle Ailith
Chinese parliament holds 83 billionaires.
In memory of Ellen Meiksins Wood: "I do not pretend to know the answers; but, as always, the questions need to be clarified first. And, on that score, we have barely made a start, to judge by the state of current debates."
Businesses should stop operating in, financing, servicing, or trading with Israeli settlements in order to comply with their human rights responsibilities, Human Rights Watch said in a report
Can Social Media be Addictive ?Choose the Best Image that reflects you??
An Anticapitalism That Can Win: We should engage with and update the revolutionary Marxist tradition — not reject it.
Sacha Baron Cohen interviews a capitalist as Borat.
You can't buy remineralizing toothpaste in the US even though it was invented by an American company because capitalism
Something Appears to Be "Off" Here. Not Quite Sure What It Is.....
Sixty-two people have the same amount of wealth as half the world, says Oxfam
This is what solidarity looks like.
Is Capitalism really just a religion? More specifically the Cult of Pluto?
Capitalism will not survive the financial singularity that is Bitcoin because transparency is anathema to Capitalism.
250 organized Nazis attack leftist quarter in Leipzig/Germany, destroy dozens of shopfronts
Confusion over political beliefs
Can someone explain to me what's going on in the Middle East at the moment with Iran,Saudia Arabia and the United States? Also what stance should we as socialists take?
Was Marx a Dancer?
V. I. Lenin on Anti-Semitism
Could somebody help me explain to somebody why proletariats do not use their "human capital" to create their own means of production?
Candada wants drones to bomb terrorists, track pirates and spy on protesters
﻿Congress Has Removed a Ban on Funding ﻿ Ukrainian Neo-Nazis From Its Year-End Spending Bill
I gain a comrade through an online text chatboard service. (Although I may have botched explaining the ideology)
A Short History of Enclosure in Britain
The Youth Taking Charge with Lakshyam
YEMEN: UN Experts conclude Saudi-led coalition conducted widespread airstrikes against civilian targets in violation of international law
Baltimore's poor are abandoned in the snow by the capitalist government!
/r/trueaskreddit thread asks "What exactly is wrong with communism?"
What do you give executives who bankrupted a coal company and screwed over its retirees? Bonuses!
Open-source Marxism 2016: Fresh batch of “pirate scab” PDFs
History, Civilization, and Progress: Outline for a Criticism of Modern Relativism - Bookchin
A complete collection of all works by Eugene V. Debs
Have You Ever Gone To High Five Someone And Not Gotten One In Return
The FBI vs. Martin Luther King: Inside J. Edgar Hoover's "Suicide Letter" to Civil Rights Leader
Washington’s closest ally in the Arab world, the dictatorial monarchy of Saudi Arabia, ushered in the New Year with a torrent of blood, simultaneously executing 47 prisoners.
US State Department to Give $5 Million to Cuban "Civil Society" - destabilization campaign begins?
Radical America #01.03: The New York rent strike
In 2016, let's hope for better trade agreements - and the death of TPP
Mental Illness or Social Sickness?
On pseudo-feminist racism: why can't we always take sexual assault as seriously as we do when migrants and Muslims are involved as perpetrators?
The Racist History of the 2nd Amendment and Why it Matters Today
According to one redditor,all governments on Earth are socialist...
Adolf Hitler, the forbidden speech
When Revenge Goes Wrong
I highly recommend checking out (maybe even subscribing) to UNHCR's YouTube channel. It does great, informative, short news-ish stories about active conflicts, and how they work on providing emergency help.
Today is the 57th anniversary of the victory of the Cuban Revolution. Viva Cuba! Viva la Revolución!
Reconciling US support for Syrian Kurds
National Socialism?
Help Needed: Where to begin with Socialist/Marxist literature?
A question about unionising.
Question for Marxist programmers: If you were to design and implement a class for a commodity, what data attributes would you assign to it, and why?
Is the police part of the bourgeoisie?
The Maoist Enemy: China’s Challenge in 1960s East Germany
Best books on Thomas Sankara?
Happy birthday Antonio Gramsci!
Being gay is the same as pissing in public - insights brought to you by the Russian Communist Party
North Korean New Years Message in English! Happy 2016!
A happy Fat Cat Tuesday to one and all!
Saw this depressing response on Facebook to worker protests at US airports
Yuri Bezmenov "Leftists will be lined up and shot"
FBI attempts to question Tampa anti-war activist
Why are you personally a socialist?
Israelis Charged Over Fatal Anti-Palestine Arson Attack that Killed a Palestine Baby
The nonexistence of free will is one of, if not the best argument for equality.
Undercover policeman proposed to activist: An undercover Metropolitan police officer proposed to an activist and lived with her for two years, the BBC has learned.
Bernie Sanders, Reformism, and Social Revolution
How would the press function in a socialist society?
Division in Socialism
Questions about the failures of planned economies.
What are your views about Erich Honecker?
Favourite Leftist?
From Rand Paul's AMA
SAlt activist rallying Sanders supporters in Chicago. I'm well aware of the limits of bourgeois democracy, comrades, but I can't help but think that a powerful new labor movement is forming. Do you think it's possible to radicalize Bernie's revolution?
Slavoj Zizek | How To Rebel
The Duke and the Trump: On That Other Endorsement From January 19
Venezuela's right-wing have a fight on their hands – all power to the communes!
Will China pull down the world [economy]?
The regrettable conclusion
Bank of England’s Andy Haldane warns 15m UK jobs at risk from robots
German Red Army Faction radicals 'bungled armed robbery' - Baader-Meinhof gang resurface
Black Militancy: Notes From the Underground
Junior doctors in England begin strike
Npower contact number
James Connolly's great-grandson delivers passionate speech to 1916 centenary event in Mansion House
China share trading halted after market plunges 7% in opening minutes
When someone starts talking about their material wealth
The Man Who Knew Too Much: An illustrated interview with former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis.
"Every oppressor has an end" - Syrian Democratic Forces propaganda dropped by coalition planes over ISIS occupied Shaddadi
Obama, Hitler and Lenin Compared; Thoughts? I call it stupid.
AppNana Code :)
Democracy in a socialist state?
Lifting people out of poverty
Anybody been to r/worldnews recently?
I have a dilemma.
Do you guys know of any good revolutionary/socialist hip hop?
Is there really a 4th volume of Marx's Capital?
Police woman saves dying child
What happened in the Venezuelan Elections? What's next for the 21st Century Socialism?
Bangladesh’s Disaster Capitalism--Climate change is driving Bangladeshi women out of the countryside and into exploitative garment factories.
48% of American youth, ages 18 to 29, think the American Dream is dead.
Richard Stallman: Why Software Should Not Have Owners
The Truth About Finance: Hillary Clinton’s finance reforms wouldn’t rein in Wall Street. Finance and global capitalism are inseparable.
Racism: the achilles heel of middle class liberalism
"Little noticed in this week’s Des Moines Register-Bloomberg Politics Iowa poll was this finding: a remarkable 43 percent of likely Democratic caucus participants describe themselves as socialists, including 58 percent of Sanders’s supporters and about a third of Clinton’s."
Thought you guys might aprecciate this quote by the late Steven Jay Gould
The Lady and the Generals
Obama's 2016 State of the Union, in 4 minutes
Reform Is Not Enough to Stem the Rising Tide of Inequality Worldwide
Socialists, suppose you are trapped in a mine with a friend. You have one canteen of water. The canteen contains only enough water for one person to survive before the rescue team arrives. What do you do with the water?
So what's our timeline? Do we have a game plan?
Q: Does anyone know if "libertarianism" (aka The Free Market Cult)a thing in the Europe too or not?
Do i sell my soul?
I'm the artist who made the logo for /r/socialism: Today I went to go apply for food stamps, and seeing the economic inequality in our society up close is sorta sending me into a depressive spiral.
Talking with a friend got me thinking - why is it that certain subcultures, like videogaming (GamerGate), certain TV shows (My Little Pony) or lifestyle communities (like fitness) attract so much right-wing and right-libertarian thought?
Racial harmony in a Marxist utopia: how the Soviet Union capitalised on US discrimination
Paris, 1789 vs. Flint, 2016
Donald Trump and the US economy
Ireland: the Tax Haven that Dare Not Speak Its Name
Muslim Woman Gets Kicked Out Of Donald Trump Rally For Being Muslim
Karl Marx is the most assigned economist in U.S. college classes
Free Books (in PDF) on race, gender, sexuality, and class
Can anybody make out the title of the book Zizek mentions at 12 minutes in?
What if Alan Kurdi grew up in France? 'He would grow up knowing it was Women that Liberated his homeland'
Another crash on its way?
At Supreme Court, Public Unions Face Possible Major Setback
Would we invent Labour if it didn't exist? We'd have no choice Stella
Love me, I'm a liberal --Phil Ochs classic
More than 7,000 immigrant children have been ordered deported without appearing in court since large numbers of minors from Central America began illegally crossing the U.S. border in 2013
"Noam Chomsky's First Campaign Contribution Was To Bernie Sanders"
North Korea claims it has arrested US student for 'anti-state acts'
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "I'm glad @BernieSanders is out there fighting to hold big banks accountable, make our economy safer, &amp; stop the GOP from rigging the system."
NYPD cop claims he was punished for not busting minorities
My Friend Won't Stop Rambling...?
How does your ideology organize the economy?
What is the socialist perspective on the Powerball?
80 percent of Chicago PD dash-cam videos are missing audio due to ‘officer error’ or ‘intentional destruction’
From Oregon to Australia: the unifying force of far-right resentment
State-sponsored death squad rapes woman in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil [article in Portuguese]
Fascist and anti-fascist groups clash at service station en route to Dover demos
The secret history of cowboy socialism
David Harvey – The Ways of the World: an excerpt
3000 Sanders supporters overwhelmingly support message condemning CEO pay disparity... Very encouraging
