What order to watch Star Trek television episodes in? (TNG/DS9/Voyager/)
Mini Movie Marathon Suggestions?
Has anybody seen this campy Star Trek V poster?
Yesterday's Enterprise crew
Watching "Sarek" (TNG), and it got me thinking...
What to watch next?
In the TNG episode 'The Royale'....
Star Trek Actual Play: From Academy to Movies
Star Trek : The Next Generation, Fast Track
What's your favorite non-human race?
The last "Red Shirt Diaries" ever ...
Shatner to appear at Destination Star Trek in Birmingham UK
Faking Fandom Forums! A Place For Geeks and Nerds of All Fandoms! Join Today!
Star Trek Beyond Will Jump Forward In Time
RikerIpsum - The Next Lorem Ipsum Generator
Today is not a good day to die: You cannot pack your Klingon bat’leth in your carry-on, TSA says
So, Trekspertise won the Europa Award in Miami!
Star Trek Timelines - New iOS Game
Found a student film " Star Track XII: The Next Commander" at a thrift store. It was a production of Johnson Bible College. I give you "Going to Kronos"
New shots of BOBWs kit bashes
CNN about "Star Trek: New Voyages"
Thought this should be here.
I had forgotten about this "long lost" Brent Spiner character, until I was goofing around YouTube today. Enjoy.
Why was Picard's family completely killed off in Generations?
Please help me find this episode.
Continuing my voyage through the Star Trek franchise, I just finished TNG season 1 (x-post /r/Treknobabble)
These were lying in the back of a closet collecting dust! I am happy to show them the light.
I saved the last episode of TNG 7x25 for 12 years, and finally watched it tonight
If JJ's films are so bad why are his easily the most successful?
Anarcho-Futurism and Why Star Trek Is Not A Socialist Utopia
My two favorite Christmas gifts.
shooting has been pushed back to March due to the lawsuit. You really do need to trust we know what we are doing. Alec
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [startrek]
Eaglemoss' new CG model of the New Orleans class (gorgeous!)
explainlikeIAmA This is not a dating site, is a search a partner for SEX without commitment.
How Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry’s words were freed from old floppy disks
Before my wife takes down the tree, I wanted to share a pic of my favorite ornament.
The Axanar conspiracy theory
Captain Janeway's currently relevant remarks.
Trying to find an episode.
When you buy new sneakers only because the brand name is the Vulcan word for "Silence!" that T'Pau shouts in Amok Time
Starting DS9 with my gf. What first and second-season episodes should I skip?
First Contact deleted scene
Is there any consistency at how Mirrorverse people are diffrent
Quark uses a Bong to pour Garak a drink
7 Most Shakespearean Moments on "Star Trek"
La-La Land Records Confirms New STAR TREK: VOYAGER Soundtrack Collection Is On The Way
William Shatner in San Francisco last night
Lens Flares in Space are real so everyone can stop being mean to J.J. Abrams about it. Im aware I wasted 20 minutes of my life screen capping these. No regrets. All images taken from Chris Hadfield Space Oddity video.
Who would you like to see cast as the Captain in the next Star Trek series?
Something I just noticed. A call out to The Third Man.
I had this conversation the other day at the Apple Store
Making an LCARS display
Are there stories about Chief O'Brien and Julian Bashier and their efforts to get inside Section 31?
STAR TREK At 50: THE ORIGINAL SERIES (1966-1969)
With Star Trek V Releasing on Netflix an Article Explores Why it Deserves More Respect
Was STID suppose to have been a retelling of Joseph Conrad's 'Heart of Darkness'?
Star Trek Beyond Set Visit
Parents, George Takei in Bubble Guppies Star Trek parody
A cute little poll for trekkies with dirty mind. Have fun! :)
Stalking LeVar Season 2 Trailer and Finishing Funds Campaign (with Margot Rose &amp; Stephen DeCordova and many others)
This Bringloidi girl from "Up the Long Ladder" looks like a year one Hermione Granger.
Watching everything in chronological order, should I watch TAS/new films?
What the fuck is wrong with you people
Creative in Vegas, I thought they said they were bringing all the captains for the 50th?
Children of time DS9 5x22 how come young Odo didn't improve his human morphing after linking with old Odo?
What happened to Qo'Nos between ST VI and ST:TNG?
Enjoyed TOS, what next?
Prediction: New Trek Series will be set in Prime Universe. "Hard Core" fans on reddit will hate it.
Is it just me or...
The Original Series offers a better understanding of the new Star Trek films.
Star Trek TOS Pilot - Spock Gesture Based Computer Control
Star Trek: The 5-Year Mission That Lasted 50
Unboxing a a 1995 Battle Damaged Starship Enterprise from Star Trek Generations with some fun surprises.
I knew this photo of my kid looked familiar (Guardian of Forever)
Does anyone else think that B-4(Data's infant brother) will be in the next Star Trek series?
My two favorite Christmas gifts...
Geordi, the only TNG cast mate to not have a child
Some "new"(to me anyway) info on the Axanar situation
Star Trek Timelines is available on the App Store. Thoughts?
Can Axanar Rely on “Unsettled Law”? (A legal perspective.)
Ships available to play as in the upcoming Star Trek Timelines Game!
It hits me in the feels every time.
Finally achieved one of my life goals and got my best friend to watch Star Trek
Star Trek : The Next Generation, Season 5, Best Episodes
Faster than light?
I just finished ENT once again and I do wonder about one thing considering T'Pol
Star Trek Timelines Hack &amp;#8211; Cheat Codes
This particular episode of "Chief O'Brien at Work" had me rolling... Possibly NSFW.
Mondo are going to release The Wrath of Khan soundtrack!
Every Star Trek finale, ranked.
POSSIBLE SPOILERS Because OP was a fag about the USS Franklin, this IS NOT THE NEW ENTERPRISE...but it looks a lot like it. I'm 90% sure. Call my bluff in 6 months.
(spoilers, all spoilers) Rewathcing DS9 for the hundredth time...
Do you guys know if there's a HO scale (1:87) shuttle craft on the market?
Stargate Universe as a source of inspiration
Vote Khan 2016
Borg Reunion panel (DragonCon 2014)
J. J. Abrams Discussing Star Trek
What insignia does a Starfleet chaplain wear? (This is En-Lai. The only starfleet chaplain ever illustrated in the Star Trek universe.)
Roberto Orci on Trekmovie.com "88. My tour of duty ends completely the day this movie [Star Trek Beyond] is released. It’s been a great privilege."
Star Trek Timelines now available to download on Google Play &amp; Apple App Store
Star Track XII: The Next Commander—Fan episode of Star Trek made by the media department at a Bible college
What is the best battle in Star Trek history?
Found thrift shopping. Star Trek (1967 Gold Key Original Print) #1A Comic.
Is the guy in the red/green vertical striped shirt of this popular gif Jake from DS9?
Colm Meaney has a very large face with very small facial features.
So finally watched the TNG movies and have to ask....
Trekkies who have read Federation: The First 150 Years, is it a good book?
Best episode to show a beginner
Did JJ's Writers Know ANYthing about Star Trek?! (video)
TIL Robert Picardo (The Doctor on ST: Voyager) voices the Johnny Cab in the original Total Recall.
The argument against fans not paying for CBS All-Access
I took DS9 clip and adjusted some video settings to make it look (hopefully) better. Watch it in 1080.
Star Trek Bridge Commander Still Great!
The 13 Commandments from the TNG Bible.
Weirdest and Sexiest Costumes from the Original Star Trek
Star Trek Enterprise Bridge Playset (Woodworking)
Star Trek stars endorse SNP's bid to establish Europe's first spaceport: SNP MP gives Vulcan salute during debate on UK space industry as William Shatner and George Takei voice their support
I want Riker to make me breakfast...
The Next Phase (TNG) is a salty treat
Janeway puts her holographic boyfriend first.
Who are you casting as captain of the new series?
DS9 question about Kira- Does she ever stop being so bloody annoying?
Should I try DS9 again?
VIDEO: Deflector Corrector - Enterprise at the Smithsonian (2016)
Concert tour celebrates 'Star Trek' 50th anniversary: "Voyage" begins this weekend, will visit 100 cities in North America
'Axanar' Will Ruin Fan Trek For Everyone
Just finished season 1 of TNG for the first time
Worst bedside manner? Bones vs The Doctor
Sexiest voices of Star Trek?
I am no one but I want to be the future of Star Trek...
I am watching tng, why do they not always travel at max speed?
A Set Visit To Star Trek Beyond's Enterprise Reveals Some New Secrets
If you could aspire to be more like any single character, which would you choose and why?
Ending questions for Deep Space Nine
When watching Voyager, do you ever miss the original version of the Borg?
Do universal translators adjust your mouth movements?
William Ware Theiss' Original TNG Uniform Concept Designs
A Timeline of Television Trek, with a nod to the new 2017 series
Assuming the lawsuit is settled, is there anyone on this sub who wants to see Axanar?
Enterprise Restoration Pictures
Andrew Robinson (Elim Garak) AMA TODAY starting at 7pm PST on r/startrek
Latest blog post from Axanar - production is still moving forward, and there's been a significant casting change: Alec Peters will no longer be playing Garth.
DS9 S5E5 - The Assignment" really hit me (DS9 spoilers)
William Shatner in San Francisco last night
Oh boy, I had my first wacth of Threshold...
Who turned off all the lights in the TNG movies?
I will be finishing TNG Season 3 soon, right before I go on a week long vacation, but I've just learned that it ends on a cliffhanger in the middle of a two-parter. Is The Best of Both Worlds better watched spaced apart or as one long episode?
How come crew members always know how to use alien computers/control panels/ships?
"One Proud Mother" - Star Trek (2009) film score, featuring Vulcan string cues
FUTURA mission: 200 days in space | Samantha Cristoforetti | TEDxESA (w/ Star Trek references)
I have a solution for AXANAR!!!
General Plans: U.S.S. Belknap NCC-2501 Strike Cruiser - Courtesy of the Star Trek LCARS Blueprint Database @ Cygnus-X1.Net
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine In 82.5 Hours - a viewing guide from Max Temkin
Could someone explain this for me? Thanks!
‘Star Trek’ Creator Gene Roddenberry’s Lost Data Recovered From 200 Floppy Disks
Buddy got me CBS's 5" USS Enterprise model as a Christmas gift. It lights up! I thought /r/startrek might appreciate the classic lines.
Delta Flyer max. Atmospheric Pressure
You wanna know what I want to see in the new star trek series?
Crossing my fingers that Bryan Fuller will write for the new Star Trek series.
I need a good intro to Star Trek
If you could describe each Star Trek series with one word or a phrase
Underutilization of technology in Star Trek
"I'm Captain Kirk! I'M CAPTAAAIIIIN KIIIIRRRK!"
New series "Spacedock" looks at the Enterprise D. :)
First every Star Trek: Enterprise postage stamps!
If anyone has read The First 150 Years, what is it like? Is it Canon?
RUMOR: The new Star Trek TV Series takes place ten years after Enterprise
Found in my old stuff, bought at a Star Trek convention in Seattle, any one have old memorabilia?
Faking Fandom Forums! A Place For All Fandoms!
TNG - is season one essential?
Serious online petition against the filmmakers behind the Star Trek fan film AXANAR.
In the remastered version of TNG, they should digitally add a beard to Riker in Season 1.
nancy bell on Twitter: "Me, my crewmate, and the intergalactic a**holes that killed me. #ahnijetal"
Galactic quadrant - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
How do you think Data would be as a politician?
CGI Replacement of the Star Trek (TOS) Enterprise Bridge - Incredible Demo Vid
Trekyards EP96 - Designing the USS Voyager with Rick Sternbach
CBS, Paramount suing team behind Battle For Axanar that raised over $1M in crowdfunding
What are good Star Trek ship models I don't have to paint?
Hypothetically, what if they just allowed fans access to the original DS9 film?
Relaunch novels
Timeline app game users - what are your thoughts?
Found This On an Old CD While Cleaning Up My Desk/Office
Your wish list for Star Trek's 50th anniversary?
Anyone know where to get a professionally built 1/350 scale model of the Enterprise (1701 or 1701-D)?
Destination Star Trek Europe, UK event to celebrate Star Trek's 50th anniversary 7th-9th October
Playing the new Rick and Morty Mobile game and one of the Morty's looks mighty familiar ...
Trekyards EP98 - ISS NX-01 (Mirror Universe)
Why ‘Star Trek’ Must Stop Trying To Be ‘Star Wars’
Where can I read and write good Star Trek fan fiction?
'Axanar' new bridge set!
Enterprise got jokes
Why is it that CG metal objects in Trek always seem to have the same texture?
A quality Star Wars has that Star Trek doesn't.
Requesting assistance from fellow DS9 fans
What are your favorite Star Trek episodes/movies?
Viewing order question
Star Trek Beyond cast interview inside the Enterprise
What kind of guns do Sybok's army use in Star Trek 5?
I knew she reminded me of someone. x-post from r/funny
I was just watching Arrow when I recognized a familiar face
My band wrote and recorded a song about Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan and I made a video for it!
"Star Trek Beyond" Concept Art Reveals a New Starship in the Federation Fleet (Spoilers!)
Vote Khan 2016
I knew she reminded me of someone. X-post from r/funny
I've seen TNG, VOY, DS9, and all the films. Never seen ENT. Is it worth it?
Keeping up with the Cardassians
The difference between Star Trek and Star Wars fans.
Star Trek: Insurrection had such a convoluted plot, even Netflix got it wrong
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
Win a signed Cat Staggs poster for Star Trek Timelines!
Are we sharing Bat'leths now?
Awww yiiiisss!
These were lying in the back of a closet collecting dust. Such an awesome find!
Fox Mulder as Spock in an 8mm home movie [Dreamland Part: 2]
To the Journey
So I want to get into Star Trek but have no idea where to start?
Sorry to bother. I can't find a link to that fun article written by the engineer fixing the Voyager's deflector dish when it got back. So good and funny.
If you had to pick just one Trek episode from any series to show to someone who has never seen Trek before which would it be?
The Scalosian Message (Wink of an Eye) TOS
I'm slightly scared and worried; when am I meant to start hating Enterprise?
Need some TOS trivia questions
Star Trek II: Alternate Ending
Found This On a CD While Cleaning Up My Desk/Office
Notable Changes between TNG and TNG Remastered
Star Trek - The Ultimate Film Tribute (HD)
The Reading Rambo T-Shirt came up on the Woot-Off today!
Former DS9 CGI producer posts HD 'test footage' on Facebook from "Sacrifice of Angles" battle
Why is there so few Star Trek video games?
Are the Blu-ray film commentaries worth listening to?
[TOS] blurry women camera shot
Standing at the impasse of Star Trek VI and beyond - where do I go from here?
Star Trek Novels
"Turkish Star Trek"
Going through my parents attic evidently they forgot to give me a Christmas present 20 some years ago
Shatner On LSD: BACK TO THE SHIP!!!
How the Smithsonian is restoring the original USS Enterprise to full 1967 glory
I'm making a series of videos criticizing NuTrek – an analysis of the biggest problems I have with the 2009 movie
TIL that Daniel Craig is a Star Trek fan who's "secret ambition" is to appear in a movie or TV series
Riker vs. Social Media (xpost)
I'm a Big Chocolate Slut: A Dub of TNG
Let That Be Your Last Battlefield
So i found this picture
Most badass character ever
USPS introduces new Star Trek stamp, via email
NX-01 Refit Model Built by myself. What do you think?
Some Thoughts on the NuTrek Game
Something I Never Realized About The Galileo 7
Watching TOS remastered on netflix
"Data is bits!"
Universal Translator question...
The *real* difference between Star Wars and Star Trek.
Can You Match The Star Trek Character To Their Partner
"Inside News! 8 Cast That Would Most Likely Lead The All New Star Trek Show" | geekreative.net
Behind the Scenes Photos: Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan
We Need a 2016 Version of This PC Classic! (BotF)
Trekspertise - Mirrors Of The Federation [VIDEO]
'In A Mirror, Morn' - a 72-part documentary about our favorite barfly. A crowdfund I would happily have contributed to.
At 36 years old I just discovered how wonderful Star Trek TNG is. I have always hated Star Trek before so I never gave the shows a chance. Im almost done with the series, what other Star Trek or scifi shows should I check out?
star treks theme
A Timeline of Televised Star Trek, with thoughts on upcoming 2017
Proof, for all that doubt it, that NuTrek is objectively worst Trek to have been released and quite possibly has destroyed the franchise.
Is Captain Kirk a good captain?
Help with writing a quote in ancient Vulcan script
My Issue With The New Timeline
Axanar: Winston &amp; Strawn, one of the top IP litigation firms in the country has agreed to represent Axanar Productions pro-bono in our case against Paramount and CBS.
TNG reference in my online economics homework
Settle a debate: does this Bringloidi girl from "Up the Long Ladder" remind you of a first year Hermione Granger?
Your top 5 episodes of Star Trek + the reasons why!
A borg cube meets a Dominion fighter
Found a video of Vash doing a Spiriva COPD commercial.
Which Shirt Would You Wear On The Enterprise?
The Eaglemoss shuttlecraft collection are on offer in Europe
SPACE...The Final Frontier — James S. Baker
For all the people who say that touch screens are a bad choice for starship controls:
John De Lancie narrates Star Trek Timelines game
Julie Nimoy and David Knight on Leonard Nimoy and their new documentary
Fun tip: If you have an Amazon Echo, ask it for "Tea. Earl grey. Hot."
10 Things That Star Trek Got Right (That Have Never Been Copied)
[startrek] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
In a way, the SR-71 Blackbird looks like a black USS Voyager.
Star Trek and U.N.C.L.E.
Idea for a Valentine Card
I finished watching the last season of Star Trek Enterprise (again)
DS9 Product Placement
What would happen if Doctor Who became a Borg?,cross-reddit from r/DoctorWho
The deliberate snub to Trek fans in the new trailer...
List your order. And question about ds9
Going to San Francisco, the location of the future Starfleet Headquarters. Is there any tourist attractions for a couple of trekkies?
Auralnauts' Take on the new trailer perfectly recreates my initial response.
The Best of Both Worlds soundtrack still gives me goosebumps
Official Starships Collection Issues 64 and 65 - Phoenix and Xindi-Aquatic Cruiser
New Cover Art for TOS and TNG Blu-ray and DVD Sets
Been watching TNG a lot lately, has anyone noticed they always have to pull their sweaters down whenever they stand up?
Who needs a replicator when you have Riker?
Folks hating the Bad Robot Star Trek movies conveniently forget that TNG was absolutely hated by original series fans back in the 1980s
STAR WARS Parody: The Force Awakens (Episode VII) : FAKE TRAILER!!!!
Captain's Log, Stardate 54188.7... [Star Trek: Armada III - The Final Frontier Teaser]
Nausicaans Vs Klingons: Who would win in a bar fight?
William Ware Theiss' Original TNG Concept Uniforms
Warp Drive Courtesy
I love Star Trek
My Star Trek Collection
I watched for the first time Star Trek (the two latest films). What should I watch now?
Q challenges us.
Rene Auberjonois on Twitter: "He won't stop talking"
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people from around the universe ! Anonymous registry , no pays!
From the Roddenberry Archives: the original outline for "The Cage" with Gene's handwritten notes
CBS Broadcast Network Not Creatively Involved In New Star Trek Streaming Series
Jake Sisko and Nog spinoff, as grownups.
Do Kirk's actions in ST: III ensure the destruction of Vulcan in the nuTrek timeline? Also, why is there so much hate for Final Fronteir?
Introducing my roommates to Star Trek. Where to start?
Best vape store name EVER!
Is there an e-mail list of Star Trek actors fan mail address?
“Star Trek: The Next Generation”, Deconstructed — Global Nerdy
[Poll] Do you like tea Earl Grey hot?
Keeping up with the Cardassians
Advice: What do I do with a huge amount of second hand "Star Trek: The Trading Card Game" trading cards?
I found an original print of the comic Star Trek (1967 Gold Key Original Print) #1A Comic thrift shopping this afternoon.
A question regarding a major plot hole in ST III: TSFS
Axenar will kill all Trek fan films...
Nemesis missed an opportunity within its own story.
USS Franklin Theory
Enterprise NX-01 Hand Painted
People say that starships can't be flown by touchscreen.
I'm looking for the highest resolution public domain "Classic Spock" image I can find
PRIORITY ONE PODCAST 254 | GALACTIC MIXTAPE
Hey, I'm Ann and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Two years ago this introduced someone to reddit. X-post from r/funny
Did JJ Ruin Captain Kirk?
The Wrap's Obit on Star Trek: Axanar
William Shatner Will Not Return As Captain Kirk In Star Trek Beyond
Scotty - "it's green" in TOS and TNG
Every "Khan" in the Original Trek
So who's at the Anniversary Concert at ATL's Fox Theatre tonight?
Axenar Lawsuit: Final Day?
Star Trek : A New Trekkie / Trekker
Can anyone tell me how the speakers/microphones/"webcams" work in ST?
PRIORITY ONE PODCAST 255 | THE STATE OF PLAY
Question about DS9 (possible spoilers)
What if a ship in Star Trek had only Finnish people aboard it
After becoming a Star Trek fan as an adult, I finally understand this episode of Dexter's Lab.
Abrams Discussing Star Trek With Jon Stewart
Why do bridge lights dim during a red alert?
First Time Viewer Thoughts and Ranking of TNG Season 1
I put on a stupid cowboy hat in a truck stop, while I was wearing my Wesley Crusher hoodie. My wife looked at me and said, "Oh my god, you're Sparks McGee!"
Enjoying The Star Trek The Ultimate Voyage tonight!
American Dad is amazing
The Doc from Voyager in a FO4 mod
Frakes getting his flirt on in The Twilight Zone
Full "Episode" of Student Film, Star Track XII: The New Commander
What is the difference?
For the Uninitiated - The Dominion War [Trailer]
I put on a stupid cowboy hat in a truck stop, and my wife said, "Oh my god you are Sparks McGee!"
An important thing to remember with relation to the Axanar controversy - Studios aren't always respectful of copyright when it's to their advantage
The Star Trek Economy
Help finding a resource
Why didn't the Cardassians simply use a bioweapon tailored to the Bajorans to wipe them out after they annexed the planet?
I just watched ''Elementary, Dear Data'' for the first time...
A couple neat artifacts from my childhood Star Trek collection
Idea for Trek anthology series: Episode sequels and prequels.
Found this while cleaning out my garage, can anybody tell me it's worth or anything about it?
USS Enterprise Conservation Begins Phase II
[startrek] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:asldosnignaana
How Bob McGwier used a Cray-2 supercomputer to decode a ham radio transmission heard in Star Trek IV
Scene by scene analysis of Star Trek V (podcast)
Ronda Rousey knows where it's at
Sorry... I will ruin the TNG intro for you forever... cannot unsee...
TIL that Paul Manheim (Rod Loomis from TNG Season 1, "We'll Always Have Paris") was also Sigmund Freud from "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure"
Star Trek (caption contest)
Who else is NOT going to see Star Trek: Beyond?
Which Star Trek Cast would you most like to see in Galaxy Quest?
BBCA is on it today..
So what does a love instructor do anyway?
5 STEPS BEFORE YOU START BETTING
Hello, Computer: Just what was that computer Star Trek's Gene Roddenberry used?
Base of beaty reddit girls for f*ucking! The base of beautiful girls is available... [startrek]
Hilarious interview with Jonathan Frakes on GeekDad podcast
When you buy new sneakers only because the brand reminds you of T'Pau yelling for "Silence!" in Amok Time...
Stumbled on a massive collection of Trek trivia :-)
/r/StarTrek, tell me why I should watch Voyager!
Q's barrier in Farpoint
Star Trek was at it best when it dealt with current social issues...
Star Trek - "All I ask is a tall ship"
The time has come to share this video too much, so here it is!
Danube Class Runabout (Trekyards)
Before reading in front of Gene Rodenberry that Reggie Jackson, rather than LaVar Burton, was favored for the role of Geordi on Star Trek:TNG. Wesley Snipes was strongly considered, too, and Brent Spiner wasn't even being considered for the role he eventually got as Data.
New RC Star Trek Enterprise from Air Hogs
Computer, Open That Door! Play a murderous starship AI in this free Star Trek-inspired game
Star Trek Remembering TOS Guest Star Jason Wingreen, 1920-2015
whowouldwin Its not dating site, its search parthers for retire. NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT!
Additional perspective of the infamous STTNG set break-in from Greg Stone himself
[startrek] My name is Tania! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Facebook brings some gold: The Sta Trek TNG FB page posted a happy birthday to Michelle Forbes, and the top comment string is fantastic
Predictions for Star Trek: Beyond television series...
a noobs star trek chrono-watch part 2: Enterprise season 2
Thoughts on Enterprise (the show!)
ST:DS9 WTF did I just watch?
where to start?
Are the Vulcans Tolkien Elves in space?
Andrew Robinson (Elim Garak DS9) AMA
My copy of Mondo's WRATH OF KHAN vinyl arrived today
I just finished reading my first star trek novel and i am sold!
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William, son of Shakespeare
Does anyone else think we are the NEGATIVE
Had a very unpleasant thought while watching s7:e19 Genesis
Before my wife takes down the tree, I wanted to share a pic of my favorite ornament.
What did the federation do with the crashed Enterprise D saucer after ST Generations?
Star Trek Original Series Enterprise Reference Shots by Doug Drexler and Jack Marshall
Star Trek V coming to Netflix February 1st
Patrick Stewart Strikes Again
In light of the Axanar controversy, here's a book that provides very important context. Free Culture (book)
Max Headroom interviews William Shatner
TNG season 7 gets crazy and or personal
Something Deanna says to Picard about the horses in his Holodeck program
Looking for a YouTube clip...anyone?
The Eugenics wars led to an outlawing of genetic engineering - but did it lead to an outlawing of any form of population control?
How to snub Klingon babes 101
TIL that Mr. House of the Fallout series, a character voiced by the actor for Odo, has an achievement that references Andrew Ryan, a character voiced by the actor for Quark. Coincidentally, both characters are businessman, both can be considered villains, and both are based on Howard Hughes.
Alphabetical Re-Watch of All of Star Trek Video Reviews - Episode 1: TNG 1x15: "11001001"
From all the series and the movies, what's your favorite ST uniform? What's your least favorite? Why or why not?
The funniest TNG scene I have seen so far S3E8
TIL, that Louise Fletcher, who played Kai Winn in DS9, won an Oscar for playing Nurse Ratched in 1976's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest...I knew there was a reason I didn't like her!
Star Trek IV:The Voayage Home Challenger Tragedy tribute - Casually reviewing this film today. Couldn't be happier to see this.
Does anyone have a count for how many times Riker straightens his uniform's top by pulling it down?
Let's talk about Star Trek III: The Search For Spock for a few minutes...
Where did I see this about the standard shield/badge
Why does Berman Trek (and its fans) hate pop culture?
I miss when all Star Trek series were all in some form of syndication at the same time
What happened to Laas from DS9
So...I recently realized that Enterprise actually hung the perfect lampshade on the maddeningly open question about "why does the universal translator selectively not translate Klingon cursing?" (Sorry if I'm late to the party on this one.)
How far would you go to protect sentient A.I.?
If Starfleet has a J.A.G. Office, does it have an equivalent N.C.I.S. Department too?
What is your favorite ship to ship battle in all of Star Trek?
The argument for reversing the order of Star Trek Nemesis and Star Trek Insurrection
TNG Remastered: 7x05 'Gambit, Part II' Comparison, SD to HD
Star Trek Progeny Interview (No Gates) Opinions on Axanar Cease and Desist
Isolinear Optical Chips, here we come!
Pakleds are dicks
Steve Neill has finished his Enterprise replica that will be displayed at the Science Fiction Museum, and it's a beauty.
Star Trek Beyond 2016 Trailer and Jacket release
"lucky i got away with two fan films before this ;)" - Bob Orci's response to news of the Axanar lawsuit on Trekmovie.com
Today's Frank and Ernest Cartoon shows us the origin of Star Trek
Trekspertise - The Trek Not Taken (discusses all the Trek series concepts that never made it)
Star Trek is a Do-topia not a Utopia
Seven of nice Cosplay (Xpost /r/Cosplaying)
I think I found Neelix's supplier
Lets not forget them during the 50th...
WHAT NEXT PLEASE HELP!!
Dystopian society episodes
Showerthought: The Star Trek series that didn't reach 7 seasons all didn't feature Tim Russ.
Star Trek: Armada III - The Final Frontier [Official Announcement]
STAR TREK At 50 - THE NEXT GENERATION (1987-1994)
Star Trek 50th Anniversary Program In New York
Newest STAR TREK NEW VOYAGES episode "The Holiest Thing" is Out!
Analyzation of the role of gender in "The Outcast" ep. 517
Which serie do you prefer?
Why is there no Star Trek meet Star Wars comics?
I just started designing a forced choice survey to definitively answer who an individual's favorite Star Trek 'main' character is. Want to know the number of entries on my grid?
[OC] TREKVERSE - visualizing Star Trek
Any love for PAL VHS tapes?
Star Trek 4 - The Voyage Home - What the hell did I just watch?
How long do you guys think it will be till we start getting info on the new series.
The Star Trek Apologist Vs Neil deGrasse Tyson
Avery Brooks &amp; Rene Auberjonois on Good Morning America, 1/1993
Here's my dream writing team for the new Star Trek series. What's yours?
What's your favorite "I'm a doctor, not a ___" line?
What do you think of this fan-edited version of the Star Trek Beyond trailer compared to the original one?
Is Enterprise really as bad as everyone says it is?
Commander Riker's Trying To Sell.....Some Type Of Crap...
why does latinum have value? Does it have a functional use? What's the point of pressing it into gold? That seems like it would make it heavier and harder to trade.
So i watched Star Trek: Enterprise and thought it was good. Then I watched Star Trek: Voyager and then i knew what a truly good TV show was.
Recommended VOY viewing list?
Isn't is sad how DS9 will never get a proper remastering like TNG due to it not being shot on film. DVD is the best it can get and now here we are in the HD era with nothing to show for it.
Playing the new Rick and Morty Mobile game and one of the Morty's looks mighty familiar ...
Star Trek trivia mega collection (with links that work this time)
Designing Deep Space Nine (Early Concept Art)
[K-POP♩1999년] 팀 (TEAM) - 별 (Byul) MV
When Gene Roddenberry's CPM/DOS computer died, it took with it the only method of accessing some 200 floppy disks of his unpublished work. Here's how this tech mystery was solved.
In my opinion this is a pivotal clip from the one of the best star trek episodes - DS9 "in the pale moonlight"
That Mondo Wrath of Khan album just went up for sale!
IKV Honorsblade
All Trek Leaving Amazon Streaming Video on February 15?
Is the guy in the red &amp; green vertical striped shirt of this popular gif Jake from DS9?
I just found out about Axanar and the lawsuit
Finally, Begrudging, Watched Into Darkness. Was Not Surprised.
Axanar, Lawsuits, and Fandom (A Short Opinion Piece)
50th Anniversary Trek Film Collections Coming February 9, new packaging but same old discs
Found in Atlanta. Speechless!
What We Can Learn from the Moral Leadership of the Star Trek Captains - Bounding Into Comics
Star Trek Beyond Set Videos Offer New Details &amp; ‘Retro’ Uniforms (via ScreenRant &amp; ET)
3 Star Trek Episodes Written By Lunatics
US Postal Service celebrates the 50th anniversary of Star Trek with new stamps
'I Stand With CBS' FB group: Cyber bullied?
Where is the best place to discuss hypothetical Star Trek questions?
Alice Krige was fantastic as the Borg Queen, but I'd love to see Tilda Swinton give a shot at it.
I am a better person because of Star Trek.
Star Trek Timelines BETA just ended, here is some info!
I'm searching for a 5-second scene in TNG... that showed water damage on the set.
Just finished TNG for the first time..and I'm hurting
Spock as you haven't seen him before
Big score at the hobby shop $2 TNG gold!
[startrek] Purify and Rejuvenate Your Body! 100% Safe &amp; All Natural Ingredients!
Best of Both Worlds Memos - A dialog discussing "The Best of Both Worlds: Part Two" involving Rick Berman, Michael Piller and Ron Moore.
Star Trek Beyond Chris Pine Uniform Jacket-available stylo leather
Starmageddon Podcast #24: Debunking Star Trek Numerology (and more)
PRIME DIRECTIVE - "That's so Kirk!"
Apparently the successor to the Enterprise-E was commissioned almost 30 years ago and saw decades of service in Wisconsin, on the shore of Lake Michigan.
I really want Spike Jonze to direct (and possibly write) a Star Trek film. His science fiction is more philosophical and human than any other filmmaker currently working and would fit the series like a glove.
The Borg are called the Borg because they are cyborgs.
Star Trek Enterprise: where to start?
