Request for Startup: A Site that Collects Early-Stage Startup Metrics
For a marketplace, how do you handle payments when you accept both PayPal and Stripe?
1 Any recommended stories or books that you've read/heard on successful entrepreneurs who went from "I'm at a bad job and hate my life" to "On this day I decided I wanted to start a business, and here is my journey on the first few days/weeks/months"?
Customisable CRM recommendations with ESP integration
Looking to talk to Hong Kong startup
My love-hate story with BetaList
How to Properly Document Idea Validation
Starting an online store, do I need a LLC or just D.B.A?
Question: How do I go about trying to recruit/talk to tech people (I’m not a coder) for a hypothetical start-up to work on an idea that I have without worrying about them potentially stealing it?
How to get funding in Berlin?
REMEMBER: Don't take Venture Capital unless you ABSOLUTELY need it. VC Tim Draper Talks about it here.
Price Comparison Search Engine WITH SHIPPING PRICES. Amazon, Ebay and Half.com. Frugal Online Shopping.
What is the best user friendly web hosting site available?
How Do I Get First Users For My Directory?
New ideas everyday in this app
Email list strategies ... 0 to 1000. Tips?
Subscription-based edibles service
Why Startup Marketers Need to Find Their Tribe?
26M civil engineer, CEO and COO of two previous startups. Looking to join a new one. Any tips?
Not sure how to progress, we are looking at 60k in the hole. Any help would be appreciated.
Looking for feedback on landing page redesign
Are companies that submit your app to directories worth it?
Does anyone have any Product Hunt invites for new city tour company?
Requesting advice on how to spend a limited advertising budget.
Any growth hacks to kick-off our side project?
What are some upcoming startup events or meetups in the Bay area for 2016?
Whats you startup workflow/tools?
Question from a teacher
Freelancers need help collecting overdue invoices. My site doing this needs trust signals. Any CTA or copy experts able to take a look and offer any insight?
Frontpage and follow-up email critique for charity-supporting company
Having a bit of trouble getting in the door with journalists, 2 weeks away from launch, please help?
Help Us Get 100 College Student Signups to Make Techstars Final Round
I wrote a book on Tinder and I'm giving it away for free
Just launched my first start-up. Free iOS apps to check out!
Would you rather SAVE TIME or SAVE MONEY?
How to setup a deal with a much larger partner?
HIIT Gainz is an Android HIIT timer app.
Perils of a Business Owner. Advice Please
Outsourced package/box manufacturer for subscription business
I'm looking for a good way to determine pricing for my product when competitors don't publish their prices
The Startup Mindset: It All Begins With A Pain
Startup Update &amp; School Project Help (x-post /r/Entrepreneur)
REMEMBER: Don't take Venture Capital unless you ABSOLUTELY need it. VC Tim Draper Talks about it here.
Domain Exchange Thread [Jan 2016]
Company name feedback, how bad is it?
Would I be better off finding a co-founder or hiring an engineer?
what happened to assembly.com?
Unique live chat software with video chat and screen sharing feature
HELP: What is the first step in starting your own business? Tips, Advice, Experience
Ultimate Startup Reading List (Add Your Suggestions)
Help choosing data collection strategy.
Need feedback for my new startapp: PingTestr
Startup/Side Project addicts: Would this be useful?
Not sure what you want to major in or do after college? We've created a startup that'll help.
Virtual Valley - Like Amazon 1-Click But For People.
UX/UI Designer Avail For Interesting Remote Projects
Spool - Spark creative videos among friends
A site that works like an office lottery pool, but if you win, you keep the bulk of it. http://splashlotto.co
This is How Much Money I’ve Made from Writing a Book for Startups
Old but gold. Short video by Jeff Bezon on "Everything I know about business".
Name for a drug prevention nonprofit.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for online donation?
Would you pay programming students to build your app?
We are a group of marketers, entrepreneurs and consultants aiming to help the start up community (Non-profit)
My Brother’s Casino game got featured on Product Hunt today!
IoT security startup Forescout tops $1 billion valuation
I have an idea. I want to create it. Help me! Apps!
Please suggest a name for my company Chargeback portal guys.
Not sure how to grow company, currently in stalemate. Any help or ideas are welcome!
Hosting a pitch competition for seed/ preseed stage startups. Outside of the cash, what are some good giveaway ideas for winners and other participants?
Have you watched Interviews on Mixergy and is their paid plan worth it?
Startup JotForm reaches 2 million users [Infographic]
Marketing for a startup... Having a hard time. Help?
Beware of fraudulent and/or incompetent accelerator programs
How Polish social media monitoring start-up made it to Konica Minolta's Business Innovation Center front page.
How do you convenience when you don't have clients?
Help with dispute
Reasons Why Startups Fail
Feedback for travel website idea
From Python to Lua: Why We Switched
Learn to build your first iOS game in the next hour
Rapportive-esque plug-in for Google Inbox?
SelfieCamp "quiet" Launch
Advice for a domain name? (xpost r/entrepreneurs)
How to get an idea to a physical prototype?
Best place to find Creative / Design for pure equity?
Why is it so hard to get an entry level customer support job at a startup?
Startups! I want to hear your experiences!
senior web dev with some free time. need help?
[Podcast] Startups in Korea: A Look at the Blossoming Startup Scene
I agree these content marketing trends will dominate in 2016. What do you think ?
5 Things You Need to Consider Before Embarking on a Startup or Building Your "Killer App"
Anyone has a useless app lying around I could possibly rent?
[IDEAS NEEDED] How to make money with a school?
Which landing page?
I've come up with what I believe to be a brilliant idea for an upcoming emerging market, I don't have knowledge in the area, but know it would be something of value to a large group of consumers in the gamer community.. best approach?
Any companies out there working on VR for locations?
Competitor or disgruntled ex-employee is spamming us with malicious reviews. Google dragging feet.
Cease and desist letter just as we're about to launch. Going to try to get in contact with a lawyer soon, but probably won't be able to until Monday so wanted to see if you guys could help with preliminary questions.
Chicago – Fintech Or Big Data Exposure
Cold Email Essentials Guide - A daring x/post from r/entrepreneur
We'll redesign your Startup's brand identity, for Free!
Should you pursue in-person sales or online sales? (Nonprofit Startup)
Looking for Web Dev/Designer Partner
The Price Is Right: 7 Ways to Determine Your Product’s Pricing Structure
Interactive Infographic detailing the morning routines of highly successful people
Estimating utilities?
Bitcoin startup gets funding from big banks
Crossfit project - have existing product at Alpha level - looking for partner
Any experience starting a IT/Healthcare/Legal recruiting agency?
Business Plan For App Startup Example
How would I best find a law firm specialized in payment innovations and virtual currencies in Europe?
Looking to do free part time customer service/support until I can find a full time paying job.
Is there a script/framework to quickly build a SaaS product
Where can I hire someone to edit a video up like this one?
What are the best business/startup law books to read?
Product management reading?
Promotion without spending a dime
Alternatives to stock options?
Is there any game that is really insightful and educational into the reality of running a business?
Web Traffic Analytics for my web start clients
Here's another free really cool app idea for someone!
How to Street Team
Seeking Feedback for Knife Making Community: Fan of Knives
What to do with these 2 domains?
What would you do? Please help! - 295 word warning
A slogan for a company does growth hacking for startups:
We are a group of marketers, entrepreneurs and consultants aiming to help the start up community (Non-profit)
Email list strategies - 0 to 1000. Tips? Stories?
We wrote about 4 ways to attract talent to your growing startup. What would you add?
startup entrepreneurs
6 eCommerce startups to watch in 2016
Ok Reddit - tear my landing page apart
Pros and cons of when to hire a software developer?
What are the best cities for older entrepreneurs and why?
SEO &amp; early stage startups?
Streaming video hosting suggestions
[5min pitch] We ran this at CES for the Xtreme Tech Challenge and are headed to Necker Island to pitch to Richard Branson. Feedback and questions welcome
Advise requested searching for technical co-founder (hopefully unique case)
I have a startup idea for a while now, but something in my mind is creating barriers for me to start it. How do I overcome this?
Investor backed out after nearly one year of a partnership.
Anyone here work in importing? I'd like to start and I have a few questions
Selling Company Name but Keeping Idea?
Share your startup - January 2016
Smart spoons to tell you that it's not too hot to eat.
[Idea Validation] EHR with a focus on patients
Small business question... going into 2nd year: Is it possible to build business credit without forming an LLC? (by using my EIN# &amp; DUNS# to apply for a few net30 accounts while continuing as a sole prop.then someday get a business cc or loan?(w/o having to form an LLC)
Building up my portfolio. Anyone want a logo designed for only £20?
We're building a tool that predict what content is most likely to go viral
About to launch a startup to help entrepreneurs validate their App ideas faster, need feedback on the pricing
How to get funding in Berlin?
VVCap - Screenshot and Gif capture tool. Fast and secure image sharing 2016
What's Your Favorite Viral Marketing Success Story?
Hello Startups, would you use this following new marketing approach ?
Of rock bands and startups
Please review my landing page.
Do you segment your application with conditional features to keep legacy users happy?
The End of the Big Venture Formula on Techcrunch -- Why does the author advocate for more IPO's and less time spent being private?
Services vs Products - a revenue dilemma
What I learned failing at two businesses
Starting a Q&amp;A Community
Setting up a US Inc as a non-resident (Internet / software)
What changes when you become an entrepreneur?
Business idea: Yahoo chats version of Quora for dynamic but smart chat rooms
Seeking Feedback on our IT Networking Startup!
Stephen Wolfram's Formative Moment [Reddit Original]
My startup lets you do shit for charity.
Are there any good websites that lets designers build simple mobile apps (that are good enough to be shipped to iOS store)???
Building Online Courses
What SaaS tools should every startup have?
Insurtech companies
Anyone here run/developing a company that is exclusively B2B rather than B2C, and mind sharing?
Should this be in a bookstore?
Startup WavyHost Offers Low Cost Wordpress Hosting
What essential books have you read about startups, project management etc?
Fallout 4 Companions as a Startup Team
dscout Sprint - ridiculously fast user research
Found a pretty cool way to screen candidates pre-interview based on merit instead of education/past work
Startup Idea Advice
New Startup Idea Need your Opinion to Validate!
How to solve the problem of password access / security when running a hedge fund ?
What is your company's worst idea?
Help please! Evaluating and improving my landing page and increasing registration
Where do I even start?
Any designer and/or front-end developer interested in partnerships?
Critique my idea: Marketplace for mold-your-own-dildo models
Who of you is looking for funding or is interested in getting bought?
Quit job and launched start-up developing iOS apps. Any feedback more then welcome.
Is it worth hiring a professional agent/source to help me buy my product, if its under 1 thousand ?
Startup: How to get more visitors ?
REMEMBER: Don't take Venture Capital unless you ABSOLUTELY need it. VC Tim Draper Talks about it here.
Should I take my startup out in the back and shoot it?
Question about stock
With CornerJob, finding a job has never been so simple and fast !
We launched Speak - a technology that lets you message (text) safely while driving
Advice when it comes to a business license, business entity, and fictitious business name.
Product vs Service or both?
Private club for tech
Chicago Booth Polsky Center (more-than-just-a) pen available for trade to startup entrepreneur. This is for a class.
Our company is six months into Holacracy. Here’s how we're doing.
Trying to connect 2 parties that can mutually benefit- need help/recommendation
is my idea awesome? (social post creation and review)
Most useful posts from 2015 on design for startups
Critique my startup idea (x-post from entrepreneur)
Is everything I need to start a business online now?
Very basic questions regarding legality of an idea and more
[Sale] I am selling 5 letter domain, take it for your startup, it's only $19,999
Can I get some feedback on my startup's landing page?
How much money for on-call responsibilities
Where do I find prospective users for a mobile app idea ?
should i start work with start-up or continue with current job?
Is it a bad idea to email a ton of people using my real identity?
Growing up, what was your first experience with tech/startups?
Guru-G - has been selected by Google as one of the 5 #startups. Raise your vote for Guru-G
join my new slack team!
What are the most common mistakes first time entrepreneurs make?
selling 80% equity
Best product name generator on the web.
How can I improve my verbal communication skills?
Finally launched something
Ultimate Startup Reading List (Add Your Suggestions)
10 time-management mistakes you should avoid
Social media monetization
How do I offer insurance?
Which vertical work better for print advertisement?
19 years old – Second business in the works – Opinions?
Business Plan.
Is everything needed to start a business online now?
idea for e-commerce site
A start-up found an investment on KONSTRUKTOR.COM
WebSummit Retrospective: Investors Say What Grabs Their Attention [Blog Post + Slideshare]
Today's Pillow THE Cupcake Pillow
I have a big idea, now what to do?
Why do startups keep entering supersaturated fields and doing the same thing as others?
Make up to $500 a week by creating a 90-second tagline for innovative companies!
Is Cold Calling still profitable?
So, do you blog?
A few noob questions about my startup (Canada)
Merge companies or create a new company?
Please help our startup by filling out this short survey if you use techniques like code visualization or rely on self documenting code to understand an existing code base [x-post /r/programming]
Question for SaaS/Web business: have you ever encountered any problem with customers not wanting to use your online payment method (e.g. Paypal, Stripe, Braintree, etc)?
What are your impressions of our website?
Uber for food cooked by a stranger?
Harsh critics wanted for our app's website that helps parents manage kids pocket money with our virtual debit card.
XXL Box / XXL Cloud
I designed a pitch deck template you can use for your startup for Free, in case you're in fundraising mode and need to look smooooth in front of investors
How to find a developer to partner with on app creation?
Blog post: 5 things to consider before embarking on a startup
25 Incredibly Useful Free Online Courses for Entrepreneurs and Startups
[16 London Based Startups Ready To Take On 2016] (http://www.forbes.com/sites/yoavvilner/2016/01/18/16-london-based-startups-ready-to-take-on-2016/#45d3c916697319ae7b006973)
I still have no Idea what Salesforce does...
Paris to develop world's biggest technology startup incubator
Shortcut -- The Mobile Barbershop
Feedback on our Company
Your opinion: Should Entrepreneurship be pursued in colleges or not? And should students start their own ventures? Should the adverse effects on education be neglected? Whats your opinion??
Help! AdWords Campaign Launcher trying to find who the target user is?
I have been working alone on a startup for 3 years now, and a friend wants to join me now. How should I be splitting equity in a way that's fair?
[ADVICE] Need feedback on the landing page http://gameplan.world
I don't understand
Has anyone been listed on Product Hunt? Any tips?
Do I have to start with audiences I belong to?
Advice on providing a niche technical product
That one style every startup site seems to use..
Transitioning from a startup to a more structured business, how do you guys deal with the "FOMO" feeling when you are no longer part of the day-to-day of the other operations of your company?
Marijuana Delivery Service
Unclear of direction to take this app in
A platform that helps IT-guys to create personal pages and blogs
New to Investing - Startup helping newbies
Question about payment integration with a merchant account
Drone Video &amp; Photography
Should I meet with angel investors for my product, or should I wait for them to come to me (similar to VCs)?
Would you use an app that prevents you from getting overcharged at a bar?
Question about term sheets and length of process (Series A)
Think Tank &amp; Institute
Doing research: Anyone here tried learning iOS development? [I'm offering free coaching]
What's a clear definition of "unicorn"?
Looking for suggestions on finding target audience
Help with Manufacturer Advice for clothing!
Scientist or expert? Help me test out a discovery tool we developed
Rip my Startup Idea to Shreds: Monthly Art Delivered to your Doorstep
Worst Startup Name Ever?
[Survey] If you buy toys for kids, please take our survey.
The Data Place
55 Things You Can Do To Boost Sales Today For Free (ex-post r/entrepreneurs)
Who can help this handicapped ladies??
Become a smarter entrepreneur
ConvoLounge Launched!... now the fun (hard) part.
How do non-technical people
More hardware startup experience in Shenzhen
Showerthought: Lottery winners usually end up depressed and broke. Yahoo won the lottery with Alibaba.
Anyone know of an app.....
A Hacker’s Guide to Onboarding Your First 100 Users
Who needs a partner (Part 2)
Looking for advice for my current situation
HELP Needed - Suggestions for Load/Performance Testing?
Question on dividing shares among owners, investors and others.
Looking for feedback/advice social, project management, crowdsourcing startup...
The purpose of software project management
Is this actually a problem, or just an unneeded solution?
Looking for advice on how I can quickly land a customer support job at a startup
Landing Page Critique
Question for Australian startups in the States
Pro tips for starting a FBA business in free time
GroupMap, Interactive online brainstorming
What questions should you be asking before you decide to leave your current (non-startup) job and work at a startup?
How to estimate LTV for free app? (details in comments)
I made SlugBay, The first search engine of resources for developers
"2015 is about to end and I’m disappointed."
Critique Our Landing Page
Looking for Web and iOS app design and development
When do you all know it was time to go full-time on your start up?
Working with an understaffed engineering team.
Help with Nonprofit name
Startups need to start valuing themselves on impact not valuation
Good expectations from Product Hunt?
First time business owners advice.
Los Angeles cofounders?
I have a revolutionary idea in a growing industry, but where do i start?
Recently built a mobile App, SaaS, or a CRM and need support?
Is this an ok entry level salary
Startup etiquette?
New startup in need of your startup submission for our directory!
Sharbit, mobile app
Ultimate Startup Reading List (Add Your Suggestions)
Hey guys... what's the best "camera to scan" sdk?
Need help with living/founding a startup in Berlin
DFP and Google Doubleclick Ad exchange
When Thinking About Investors, It's Not About Price
startup entrepreneurs
change the world
Opened applications for YC Fellowship summer batch
A humble attempt at a rather irreverent and honest startup blog. What do you think, redditors? Honesty would be much appreciated ;)
A humble attempt at a rather irreverent and honest startup blog. What do you think, redditors?
Question: What app do you use to track spending?
Wanting to start my own clothing/accessories brand as a side project whilst at college. Looking for some help.
Networking sucks and you're probably really bad at it
Hiboo: real-time IM solely for your close ones
Anyone In Need of High-Performing Launch Copy?
What’s my profitable startup worth? (detailed stats provided)
Social impact, for-profit social enterprises and combining forces with engineers: A question for entrepreneurs.
CloudBoost.io : An open source Parse Alternative available on Docker. https://www.cloudboost.io
Need your feedback for startup!
Copyright/Patent: I am planning to make an android application, but I'm not sure whether that application already has been copyrighted by someone else! HOW DO YOU CHECK IT?
Enough With All The Failure Praising!
Looking for musicians to help Beta test HoulemMusic
RAISE FUNDING IN 2016
SingleFit Health and Fitness Dating App
P2P lending site monetization.
Hacker News and Product Hunt: An insightful dual buzz.
1-Day Startup Challenge: From Idea to Launch in Less than 24 Hours
Asking for feedback for senior Product Managers at startups - where do I stand?
Paris to develop world's biggest technology startup incubator
How fast is too fast for startup growth?
“Life Lessons” learned while working in a startup.
Anyone tried getting business with cold email?
How much does it aprox. Cost to get a nice app icon designed?
It seems most grants and exciting funding are for tech and software startups. Are there grants available for a boring old retail business? (xpost r/smallbusiness)
Stacksity - I'm looking for some major advice
Starting a site to connect specific freelancers to jobs (similar to elance/upwork but for specific roles), how do I avoid fake reviews for free services?
Looking for corporate deal professionals for feedback on a new deal management platform
What's wrong with academic publications (and who's going to fix it? Hint... us)
CRM Recommendation
How to raise money from angel investors
Are we too small to partner with a series A company with more traction?
Consignment - DOs and DONTs
Have we seen long-distance cofounders work?
146 Startup Failure Post-Mortems
Does startup always mean tech?
Question about equity split between founders
Where do startups go (legaly) after they die?
League of Legends Normal queue Partner Finder [Concept][Need another programmer]
StartUp podcast is looking for couples who started a company together—and then broke up
What to do if a rival takes your logo design?
I'm a developer joining a startup and unsure whether I should take more equity for less pay or vice versa
Anyone with experience with good tech-startup support groups?
Steal my idea: Glassdoor for SaaS Pricing
Silicon Valley Lies And Those Who Tell Them
What's up with notes taking apps? Why are there so many of them? How are they monetized?
Please Critique My Startup Idea! Investing in Musician's Careers
Co Founders don't want to talk about equity right now. Need Advice
Is there a book on the nuts and bolts of c corp startup operations? (I.E. incorporation, accounting software, contracts, when to get help, etc.)
Why I bought my startup back
Hate itinerary planning!
What are the digital tools you use every week at your start-up ?
Guest Wifi for Business!
OPENCATER - Catered food for Personal &amp; Party occasions from home cooks / chefs.
New app ideas everyday
Best app mobile developers
Society of Entrepreneurs: LIVE! Non-Profit Startups
Who are the best tech serial entrepreneurs you can think of? I figure their advice might have more meaning that someone who got a bit lucky.
Accounting Firm Name Ideas
Is there a free version of Foundersuite?
A Minimum Viable Product Is Not a Product, It’s a Process
Recommendations for triggered emails and automation for my web app
Question regarding raising friends and family round prior to our initial beta launch.
Google announced an app incubator program
Rejected a startups offer for UX / UI design work. Was this the right choice?
Keeping (personal) energy levels high - advice and discussion.
SEC Adopts Regulations on Crowdfunding
TIFU by going viral and not updating my username
Thinking of starting a business in automation, thoughts?
How I started my startup and made partnership with GitHub
Talking To a Developer (Or How Programmers Make PB&amp;J)
Gaming PC brand (webshop)
What webpage builder is best for me?
Destroy my Startup. (One more time!)
I am looking for insights from Millennials for a project. It will only take a couple minutes to complete, and it would be of great assistance to us! Thanks! :)
5 things I learned from interviewing VCs on getting into the industry
MyFootprint: An app that rewards you for visiting your friend's place!
New website Name
Any SaaS B2B startups need help/advice on leadgen/sales?
OKR, startups, Sales team
How to market your business in the early days?
Social media tools that reward sharing?
Best Method To Start A Subscription-Based Company
My friend's startup is becoming huge and going for an IPO in about a year; institutional investors are putting in millions. I'm just a regular guy with some savings. Would it be in bad taste for me to ask if I can invest $100,000 pre-IPO?
Which brand is best?
How do I get seed content on a site?
Which online payment method is best for an extremely small business?
Looking for feedback on the concept
PcWorks.co - Passion Built Systems
Help needed for trademarking my last name.
How do you find/evaluate good markets and ideas?
Which website builders do you recommend, and which ones should I stay clear off?
I'll give you 10$ if you can come up with a WINNING name for our company! (Same day delivery for cars)
Recruiters - how to improve your experiences with them?
SlugBay - Where developers find the best resources.
18 Months Into My Real Estate Startup
Founders who found investors: Was it worth it?
You're Not Allowed to Criticize Startups, You Stupid Hater
Failing to Optimize Your Onboarding Time Will Make You Lose B2B Users
Created an online tool - interested in selling it to SMBs - How do I go about it ?
Based on the suggestions for our startup from earlier discussion in 2015, new page is ready - Feedback needed :)
Why our newest feature is so important, aka, how are we different than Google Analytics' own custom alerts
#DISTROSNACK: The Yes-Set close
Any good experiences with privacy policy generators?
How are you doing accounting for your startup?
One of the first hires, but still the youngest person on the team. I feel like I'm in limbo.
What is the best startup advice video that you’ve ever come across? Here's mine.
Hiring at Startups: What's your method of weeding out the bad applications?
[Webshop] Selling (gaming) PCs
The final step in TV/Movie advertising
I have a great idea but don't know how to proceed with it. Help would be appreciated
How do International Start-ups reach to US-based Investors / VC firms?
Started an Aussie Subscription Box, Need Advice
Any recommended stories or books that you've read/heard on successful entrepreneurs who went from "I'm at a bad job and hate my life" to "On this day I decided I wanted to start a business, and here is my journey on the first few days/weeks/months"?
Specialize or Diversify?
Book Launch - The Art of Startup Fundraising
know anyone who has worked with companies like Gilt City? Any regrets or words of advice?
Feedback to my press release
Advertising Ideas, Give Me Everything!!!!!!!!!!
Can someone help me make my resume attractive to a startup?
What do you think of this idea? Do you need it?
HTWO - Ultra-pure water infused with molecular hydrogen
Looking to provide free customer support for a startup
Help with my campaign by offering advice! Positives, negatives..
How did you approach Beta Testing and what lessons did you take away from it?
I've put together a list of articles, products, websites, videos, how-tos, Reddit threads to help people who are thinking about how to launch their startup.
Food startup idea, need feedback
nighthawk.ninja --- what would you do?
Executive Summary
What is the best way to start an in-home business?
How would you determine the market size for an infrastructure-oriented SaaS?
Is my startup company revolutionary enough to make it in today's market?
The most common question everyone asks
Creating a marketing strategy for your startup: a relatively quick &amp; easy workflow.
Will a bank let me open an account as an LLC if we have documents, but due to filing times are not yet registered in the state?
Two Teenagers starting up a clothing business, need help
Looking for an accountant to join my startup (Canada)
I would like to do some free CAD designs for some of you. More info inside.
Me and a couple of other redditors who I've never met in person are finally about to begin testing on our app after a year of working on it.
What kind of agreement do I need?
Opti rising, first course on Udemy for Free, taught by TEDx 's David Landau
Sam's Startup Story
Are you planning a start-up? Do you need help taking control over your business? Need a Business Plan?
Let's Help Other Startups with their Paypal Disability
selling startup hepays.com
Are you planning a start-up? Do you need help?
Tips for setting up Google Analytics?
How saturated is the development market in your city?
How to create a demo video for iOS?
Help me validate my idea!
Any ideas on creating an app/game?
Growing an App userbase fast
Subscription box shipping from Canada
Any executives here need help with their emails?
Is Failure Praising Ruining Your Startup?
Looking for advice: how to start a data analytics consultancy firm?
My husband and I just became sole owners of our startup- and I could use some help.
Need Start-up advice for SaaS
Your thoughts about coding from scratch or buying a fully/half done app source code and building up on that ?
Does anyone know a free feature voting service?
Featured on Google Web Store - question
Choosing a name for your business. It's more important then you think.
New Toy Company Questions
[Price Comparison Search Engine WITH SHIPPING PRICES. Amazon, Ebay and Half.com](http://freeplum.com) Great for small items.
Compact VPN Router
Startup WavyHost Offers Low Cost Wordpress Hosting
New York City to swap out payphones for free high-speed Wi-Fi hot spots.
Starlight - Stargazing app ported from iOS to Android. Looking to gain escape velocity in 2016.
Should we give Reddit ads a shot?
Anyone want to help build a community volunteer network?
App Developers in Los Angeles
I came up with Two Hedgehog Model for marketing early stage startups
My Mistakes and Lessons Learned from 4 Years of Startup-Life
Uplift.im - mini, positive social network. Where to find exposure?
Where can I find a good, basic template for bringing on a co-founder?
(Questions and suggestions) Writing an article on how finding working with the right business partner is like a love relationship
I can offer funding and business manager experience. How do I find startups or small companies I can help? (X-post r/entrepreneur)
What website allows you to insert your app design so that it looks like it shows up on a smartphone screen or laptop IN their stock photo?
AskStartup - anyone interested in temperature charts of the rooms &amp; outside of their home, or is it just me?
I have a great idea but don't know how to proceed please help
