Greek stock market
Looking Into Trading Taiwanese Stocks (Particularly HTC)
Best oil stocks to go into now, as a long-term value investor?
Can somebody explain what VXUP &amp; VXDN are?
Exxon Chevron or Shell?
Question about old stocks (Lucent Technologies Inc., AT&amp;T, exxonMobil)
Opinions on Hewlett Packard, Twitter, Virtu Finance, or oil commodities?
Why am I getting shafted by AMZN right now? Down almost 45$ today...
This Is The Perfect Time To Buy Altria For The Long Term - Altria Group, Inc. (NYSE:MO)
Should I buy into this stock.. profits look crazy!!!!
Invest in railroads now or wait?
Here’s How an Artist Plays the Stock Market
Has anyone here ever used a stock picking service?
What are some good books that you guys could recommend on to understanding how stocks work?
Have anyone ever used the Stash Trading App?
I'm playing the norwegian "stock exchange championship" (virtual stockmarket). Short term high profit tips?
Is NVDA a good buy right now?
This stock almost halved since a few days, I can't seem to find an article that explains
ROBINHOOD APP???
Bought DIS 4 months ago, now what?
How does compounding work in stocks?
$NVDA, perfect time to buy?
Any things that really bugs you?
Stock Market Game in school. Somebody make me a $100k portfolio
Motif Investing - Drone Stocks
Website for newly public trading companies?
Why do folks here discredit technical analysis so much?
$GBSN hoping for some growth?
I thought that purchasing energy sector stocks when oil went down to around $50/barrel would be a good investment, and its now at ~ $28.00/barrel
Looking for some advice on a recent acquisition and subsequent drop.
What the hell happened this week?
What's happening to ATVI
US Broker for Futures Options as a non-US Citizen or resident
Which should I thoroughly study for the time being... Chart Patterns or Elliott Wave?
Sup with TWTR stock?
Anyone looking at SRE after the California gas leak?
$GM downtrend despite sales increase?
Question about my stock (ATVI)
Stocks close well off session lows; worst first trading day of any year for Dow since '08 »
Putting this here so I can say I told you so
Thoughts on $FB?
What's the minimum amount of money required to make a living in the stock market? (Also, the best strategy?)
February 2016 Stock Picking Contest is now Open!
How does Oil prices affect US stock market?
Is the "Pump and dump" method illegal or it's the act of falsely promoting a stock in order to pump and dump that is illegal?
LSE:WSBN + ASX:MNM Aquisition - WSBN stock to be up ~200%
First time buyer, observing the market lows. Good time to pick up some stocks?
Marijuana Breathalyzer Stock.
Oil is down again! Was GS right?
Info on $TSRA. Anyone own this stock?
Thoughts on INTERNATIONAL PAPER CO?
Why You Can’t Rely on Demo Accounts.....
North America-Farming,South America-Fuel,Europe-Spacefaring,Africa-Tourism,Asia-Textiles,Australasia-Retreat
Has anyone heard about this company? [BDIC]
Wall Street sees Wild Day to Start Week - China, oil, &amp; Apple headline
Question about individual stocks versus index fund?
Jobs directly dealing with stocks?
Is $NAT a good way to play oil's fall?
Let's talk about AAPL earnings report. Comes out TODAY after-hours
Was 2015 a bad year? Or am I investing in wrong funds?
netlix just launched in 130 countries simultaneously. thoughts ?
NFLX should I buy now?
Why is Netflix doing so bad in the stock market right now?
Another brutal day in the works
Is the stock market in a bad state or is my portfolio just THAT bad?
KGRI .0001 Shell Company getting current this quarter
Binary Options Information Updated for 2016
History of Stocks that were negatively affected by food borne illnesses? [For Research]
Why is Facebook valued so highly?
Canadian oil on the rise yesterday and today
Your highest loss as an investor.
Why didn't you sell a few days before the trading ban ended?
Questions about average costs and market closing times
AMD up 16% Today
When will DIS stock go back up?
College student need help deciding what stock to invest in with hypothetical $10,000 for a college class. Please help!
Would you buy Apple for the long run? Earnings at 4:30 PM ET today. This chart just blows my mind.
Apple [AAPL](http://snip.ly/rC0U)stock slumps
How reliable is the yahoo finance's "1y Target Est:"
possible to look at p/e history for longer times?
What's good to invest with an ever dropping CAD?
Stock buyout questions
Trying to avoid Insider Trading
IRA Dividends? (Using Scottrade)
Joel Greenblatt theory, questions
As far as dividend investments are concerned what securities are you guys considering for 2016.
Flash crash in stock price
Looking for good resources to predict normal stock market movement
Why is Plug Power declining so much? Shouldn't it be worth around 3 bucks?
Guess the price of a stock without putting up $
So /r/wallstreetbets is private again?
CNV Class Action Lawsuit by Steinmeyer Law
What does "perimeter" mean? I saw it in a cost breakdown in a European 10k
Tesla stock patterns
Any idea on this Mauldin stock pick?
Defense/Aerospace stocks
Can I buy 1 share of 20 different stocks on Robinhood and sell them all a week later or do I need margin account
American Apparel (APP) will go private if $300 million buyout goes through.
Sense in always maxing out an IRA when market averages ~12% return a year
Question regarding premarket sale
What platform do you guys use?
Opinion on $VA: should I hold or sell?
Oil prices are down but everyone knows they'll go back up. What do I buy to ride the wave up?
What kind of stocks should I look at buying with a 12 week time horizon?
Just came into $30,000. Market is crashing, what is the safest way to invest my money so I make as much as possible. I've been thinking about gold and apple. Any suggestions?
How will you play Apple earnings?
What is the most promising sub-$10 stocks for 2016?
UWTI - What do you think about oil long term?
What stocks might be effected by the $2 Billion dollar sports stadium being built in Los Angeles?
Railroad stocks?
according to barchart.com, 712 stocks on the US exchange hit their 52 week low yesterday. only 13 hit their high.
American rail traffic pointing to some tough times ahead.
I'm trying to pick an aerospace stock.
What do you think of Skyworks Solutions?
Investing tips and tricks for newcomers?
LGYV Adds Media/Technology Venture Capitalist G. Scott Paterson
Finding SEC Documents
$F Equity Analysis
How does /r/stocks feel about grabbing some Chinese stocks?
Another '08 or something worse?
Why did Blackberry's stock price fall once they announced that their products will be ran using Android's software?
TheStreet Any thoughts ?
Stockhouse Deal Room Revolutionizes Start-Up / Public Company Financing
$PLNT how do you guys feel about it?
Best value stocks that have been hit hard by the oil crash?
$NFLX earnings date!
Any hope for $MYOS?
MITK stock technical analysis question
$F value play, or $TSO growth play?
December 2015 Stock Market Contest Results: The Winner is CatSleeps with $SCTY pick and 74.86% gain in 1 month!
YXI, smart to get in now?
Is Facebook a buy at 98?
MOMO for Android: Beta Invites!
Why is 1USD = 1.40AUD? Also, why are stuff like clothes cheaper in USA than Australia?
Gilead vs abbvie
[Canada-TSX] Canopy Growth (CGC) &amp; Aurora Cannabis (ACB)
Good-looking balance sheets but share price is plummeting. Why ?
Does "First 25 trades: $7" mean that if I choose to buy 100 shares of one company in one trade that I will only pay $7?
Stock Suggestions
Congrats to Jack Dorsey for being the first CEO ever to have both of his publicly traded companies below their IPO prices at the same time
Thoughts on NVDA?
2016 market predictions
Where does Alibaba ($BABA) heads to?
How are you not talking about Blackberry?
Should I invest in BTU?
website for stock enthusiasts
What is the Capitol of Greece?
If you've worked in IT as a career, is it difficult to switch over to becoming a technology analyst/associate?
NorthAmericaFarming SouthAmericaFuel AuropeSpacefaring AfricaTourism AsiaTextiles AustralasiaRetreat
What do you guys think of this quote?
Is 300$ a good start for day Trading?
Does Nokia (NOK) have a bright future?
Potential startups
How to pick stocks?
looking for some help getting started
Just started 3 weeks ago, and what all I've learned.
ETF Question. What are considered high/low expense ratios?
Corus Entertainment Dividends, is it too good to be true?
Any way to find a positive from the oil war in Tehran?
Who is similar to Apple?
New to Investing: Eager to Buy Oil Stocks
What's stopping banks from turning student debts into bonds, trading them, and subsequently using those bonds to create CDOs?
Question about 3x Leveraged ETFs
Is Jetblue (JBLU) oversold?
[ZQK] declared chapter 11 and was de-listed. What happens next?
Wheres the risk with CMG?
Why is NFLX dead today?
Where do you get information before market open?
Last day to buy $F to be eligible for the 40¢ per share dividend on march 1
Help on Yahoo Finance
What's up with BAC? Beats earnings but drops.
Company Update (NYSE:UA): Under Armour Inc Reports Fourth Quarter Results
Synthetic Biologics Reports Positive Topline Data from Second Phase 2
What is going on with DOW Futures?
Floor for DIS?
Given 100k to invest on stocks, which 3 would you invest on?
$MITK Mitek reports earnings 8:00AMPT tomorrow
Personal protection companies in Europe?
How do stocks work after a company goes out of business? Why is there still trading activity for dead companies?
Any thoughts on IBM?
What's wrong with Disney?
Should You Have Invested In The IPOs of Square, Ferrari, Fitbit, Go Daddy, Match.com?
My Review of Hedgeye and Scout Finance
$RLYP and $SGYP thoughts?
Question regarding beginning to invest with &lt;$1000
What are some oil stocks to follow that gauge the price of current oil prices in Canada and in the US?
Looking for a solid brokerage account simulator
Is Best Buy a good buy right now?
Trading advice for class
Good, solid, Canadian (CAD) ETFs
What is the minimum I should spend if trades cost me $9?
Hey /r/stocks, here's a summary for you on Stephen Bigalow's 'High Profit Trades with Candlestick Breakout Patterns' --- If you have any further requests then be sure to message me.
$DWTI Big gains.
So this might be my favorite thing already. And how does CNBC and Bloomberg keep letting this guy on TV?
Stocks as strong as Altria (MO)
How does an F.D.A. approval affect a stocks price?
Question: What happens to my stock after a company goes private?
The stock markets are crashing, what should we do?
Beginner needs help
$SWKS, $NVDA, $VOLV B longterm. Thoughts?
Is there any skill to short term options and Forex trading?
Lets talk Strong Buy energy stocks
Apple and Disney are companies I've always wanted to invest in.
shorting a stock - any good options in the new year?
Losing in $F Holding the stocks will be a right move?
amd a strong buy in a few months
Thoughts on GPRO?
What are the actual fees with an Etrade account?
What are you're thoughts about S right now?
Investing Research Apps
rate of sucsess starting out?
Any suggestions on FNMA stock?
What about $dis?
US created 292,000 jobs in Dec vs 200,000 est; unemployment rate at 5.0%
Question: After Hours Trading
Perceiving a commpanby's e arnings and Earnings per Share (EPS), is EPS somewhat useless?
"Sell everything" What's your take on 2016?
Star Wars opens to a record day in China
What is a good overal return in 3 years?
TSLA Predictions?
Options Volatility Trading
$NFLX exploded by 6.91% After Hours to $115.35
10 grand in my pocket, how to invest?
Rate my Stocks?
Currency question about investing in European ETFs
Here a symbol that I have discovered, and I decided to share it since I would like to share the wealth and happiness. $MEILW
What was the best performing stock of 2015?
Do online ads really work?
I Interviewed the CEO of Scout Finance
Another rough day ahead
Good books to read for new investor!?
Market conditions
Rough day ahead
What is a stock market "circuit breaker" -
$YHOO rising following news of settling class action lawsuit
Already own VTI [Total US Stock ETF], want to invest in VGT [Tech ETF, 98% from US]. What do you think? (x-post from /r/investing)
Time to buy PLUG?
What Virtual Reality or Driverless Car Companies should I invest in?
Canada on the verge of legalizing MJ
Technical Analysis - How can it work???
I want to start investing my money. Can anyone recommend any good in-depth videos or audio books that I can watch or listen to while I'm at work or driving?
Now a good time to buy $F?
What is your buy and hold for the next 10 years stock available right now?
Not Bad for a Week With a 7% Drop on the Nasdaq
Top 5 details to know about a stock before buying?
What's a good desktop stock-ticker widget?
What is best day trading platforms in the following?
The United States Federal Reserve in relation to the U.S. Economy (Stocks)
Hey there, I'm not an investor, not into finance, just confused about what "shorting a stock" means. Here is my ELI5 explanation of it, but I'm stuck on something.
Current Investor, requesting a sample product for review.
MU and DDD - Missed stops - what next?
Apple this week? Thoughts?
Is there anything that really bugs you?
anyone use degiro what is your experience?
My mom found very old shared of a company that no longer exists.
Roth mistake, best way to fix it?
Can you recomend me a good small cap stock pick advice service?
What do you guys think about GBSN? Yahoo Finance projects them to be at an estimated $581.40 in one year (It is less than a dollar now)
January 2016 Stock Picking Contest is now Open!
Play on aging demographics (small cap stock)
Newbie here. Need to sell 2/3 of my shares in British Telecom and unsure where to go to do so.
How much does a drought like the one in California effect stock prices of, for example, CWT?
Is it a good idea to buy TSLA before they officially announce the Model 3?
sleep paralysis inside a dream
Bombardier stocks, the loonie and the canadian markets
Is Robinhood a good app for trading?
Need Advice on NAT
Dividend Strong Stocks
oil price peak?
How do $VIX, $TVIX, and other volatility ETF/ETN's work?
Are there any good Google Extensions for stock traders?
Looking for brokerage with quick money transfer turnaround
Looking for a good free downloadable screener
LC - Can someone explain what's happening with this stock.
What is one important thing you had to learn the hard way in regards to trading/investing?
Why were some ETF's so expensive at their inception? (e.g., UVXY was over $300,000 at one point). Is the long-term decline to their current prices solely from the natural way they depreciate?
Is it a good time to buy gopro stock?
Will $AAPL continue falling below $100 based off 6s rumours and China fears?
How bad is DDD from a numbers pov ?
Fortress Investment Group LLC
Why is SNE diving?
Good ways to learn about stocks?
Are Solar Energy stocks a wise investment for long term growth?
The Bearishness on GoPro Has Been Ridiculous
Canadian Banks and Concordia Healthcare
MLG bought out by Activision-Blizzard (ATVI) for 46 million, Sundance removed as CEO
AMZN misses big on EPS and falls 14% in after-hour trading
Is there a way to measure a company's accounting numbers vs. The industry average?
Stocks that will be negatively affected as a result of Chipotle falling?
Why is NQ mobile still hovering below $4.00/share when before the MW report it was $20 plus. Didn't the audit show no wrong doing?
Amazing Crude Oil Call This Monday
It's coming back guys
Obvious questions about Tesla and why no one takes these factors into consideration
Apple: iPad Pro May Not Halt Sales Decline, But It Is The Future
TELSTRA (TLS.ASX) seams like a good investment only from dividends point of view.
I don't fucking understand Alibaba
Opinions wanted! Advice needed
B&amp;E | Looking Beyond the Label "Algorithmic Trading"
Stocks or Bonds or Savings or DailyFantasySports?
How to play NFLX before earnings?
Posted on WSB but need actual advice on PTSC. Figured the more mature sub might help.
twitter finally dropped below $20 per share
What does everyone think about this advice? How important is it to cut and minimize losses?
best platform for shorting stocks
Mot ley Fool stock picks as of 1/26/16?
Investing for the upward return, what to buy into?
150k to invest and starting Tuesday
Hey guys what's a good book to read about trading
Which US securities will be affected by the 600B China-Iran deal?
BP for the dividend?
Anyone like GRMN?
Should I sell my stocks?
2016 Biotech conference. . Thoughts? Jan 11-13
LON:TCY stopped trading, what is going to happen to my CFD?
Rate My Portfolio/Need Bond &amp; REIT Recommendations
CGC - How to buy from USA
Any good tutorial or advice for newcomer?
What is the best brokerage to purchase OTC stocks with?
$GPRO down almost 25% in AH
With oil plummeting why is xom doing so well these last two days?
$PCHM - making cash, major cash on hand, quiet biotech company under the radar
New to investing, need some help
Corus and Shaw? Long term play with a solid dividend?
One year ago, someone dropped 3.5 million on a GOOGL call. Here's how it turned out.
Thoughts on buying this stock?
Pump and dump UVXY
LGYV closes funding. Potential for rebound?
Who is a major company within the US stock exchange that uses water.
FIT - rookie mistake, but hold or sell now?
Best way to measure Near Term Acceleration of Stock Prices
Why do you trade?
Found 250 stock certificates of a company in 1927. I don't know what to do with them.
Yahoo and Ivory Sales - Why did it go up again?
What are some stocks that are sitting around 52 week lows that are worth looking into buying?
$SHAK now attractive at $33?
Is there somewhere I can view open orders?
Should I abandon ship on FHCO?
My first thought: holy cow! Bank of Japan adopts unprecedented negative interest rate
I was down -13% because of stupid investments, and In the past month, I studied hard, and worked up to +16%. Now because of the Chinese ordeal all in ~5 days I'm down -12%. It's really sad and frustrating. What should I do? Should I ride it out, or just take my losses and wait?
What do you guys think about tradekings.com?
Should I buy today or will the market continue to drop?
rStocks, what should I be looking at to buy while we have the dip?
Is $NAT good way to play falling oil?
Is this legal?
Discuss stock market and other business isssues
TWTR Stock, Buy or not Buy?
Advice on company and stock analysis.
In December 2015 Stock Picking Contest 46% of the participants beat S&amp;P 500
Can someone please rationally explain $AMZN's valuation?
what do you guys think of TVIX
Complete beginner thinking of investing in oil
New Investor help &lt;3
Been getting lots of press, is this a winner? Sarepta Therapeutics Inc
Rate my Portfolio
Looking to invest small amounts
If Sanders or Trump gets elected, how should it impact the stock market?
does anyone here subscribe to Bloomberg's Hedge Fund Brief? (they send out a weekly email)
I need some helt Witherspoon bøying stocks.
How serious do you take after hours trading prices?
23m have 22k, what should i invest it in?
Request: Knowing when to cut your losses (AAPL, GPRO, TSLA)
What should I trade? Options, Forex, Futures, Equities/Indexes/ETFs, etc?
New hot sub-sectors?
[Question] What does all this mean? (Photo inside)
What happens if a company delists from one market to move to another?
Anyone use Recognia?
What stock would you recommend investing in for the long term?
Price Targets dropped on all Oilfield Services companies - Canaccord Genuity (x-post from /r/PriceTargets)
New Motif Advisor Site
Has anyone used Recognia before?
Bernie Sanders wins election, corporate taxes go up, what stocks go down?
Are there any stock programs for free or paid programs on mac?
Have we Entered a Recession?
I want to start investing, can you recommend any books/videos to know how it works.
Is it worth investing in stocks with only $1000?
I've been working on my spreadsheet this weekend, and want to give out crappy buy/sell advice - what stocks do you want me to analyze?
Tips for Teens wanting to get into Stocks
Does $FB trading at 95x earnings making sense? or am I missing something?
dividend reinvestment calculation
What is the most leveraged way to short oil?
Need assistance. Bought Micron (MU) Months Ago At $18.28. It's now at $12.26.
scottrade doesn't allow me to electronically transfer the funds from my brokerage account back to my bank account. is this typical for online brokers?
I'm a beginner at stocks and I want to open an online account to start trading stocks
Don't know what stocks to invest in
Fannie Mae &amp; Freddy Mac
Question about brokerage accounts and trading software.
question about "pattern day trading"
Fundamental Analysis
This counts as a Day Trade. Right?
Harte-Hanks, Inc. (HHS) - 11% dividend yield?
Solid stock for under $20?
What do you guys think
Price Targets for Apple and its supply chain - BMO Capital Markets (x-post from /r/PriceTargets)
Question: reverse split -- what does it do to my current P/L?
Did the Chinese trade suspension from August Expire tomorrow or did they extend it?
How much money in the stock market is institutional (banks, trust funds, insurance etc) as opposed to personal?
Stupid question, need some clarification please.
I'm looking for some stocks that are very green and/or ethical. Im sure there are other traders out there like me. Any recommendations?
Need real help with my broker. WTF.
Opinion on NXTD
What are your thoughts on the Chinese economy for the upcoming year?
New Investor - Considering Using TradeKing
$RLYP, it's falling now, but we have no proof of sales. Could this be a growing diamond in the rough.
Are there markets for trading a stock for another stock? Its needed to stabilize economy against the danger of trading X for Y for Z for X profitably
How do people expect a coffee company, Starbucks, to grow long term?
Tax implications of having an ESPP and the company being bought
Does it feel common to buy/sell a stock and instantly prices start to fall when you buy and rise when you sell?
How do you guys tend to invest in the majority of the sectors in order to diversify, or do you usually stick to one or two?
What does /r/stocks think about FSLR?
Evaluate my portfolio?
Brilliant young mind gives his stock opinions
Corus Entertainment acquires Shaw Media for $2.65 Billion - Globe and Mail
2 Hot Stocks in Taiwan's Booming Tech Sector That Deliver Both Value and Growth
Safe and long term
I have a penny stock on the London ISDX market and am a US citizen. Any brokers in the US that I can use for this?
Motley Fool stock picks as of 1/26/16?
Personal success stories?
Question about OKE!
PONAX vs PTIAX?
$SKWS, what's happening?
Beginner needing resources to practice and gain knowledge of the stock market
Is this a flawed strategy...?
Beginner here, looking for advice. What kinds of stocks should hold on to for how long?
Why do falling energy prices have a negative effect in different stock markets?
Start the year off right! Join the /r/stocks chat to discuss the markets and exchange advice.
this sub is only pump and dumps, don't listen to any any feedback on tickers you see, the mods delete any thing that actually discusses facts, evident as my post exposing $SUNE was removed
Xilinx conducts to the top
Why did ____ go ____ today?
TASR? Time to buy?
SILC? Temporary gain after great earnings and now down?
Day trading question
Analysts are still bullish on Apple
What is happening to DWTI?
Will the news ever catch up with $SRE?
Bought $MSFT 10 minutes before market close
This seems like a no-brainer buying situation.
This stock pays more dividends than earnings
Beware of CGC.VN
Thoughts on GPRO stock?
Market state and portfolio
Looking Into Getting Into Investing, Advice if Possible?
Do exchanges usually limit the gaps between market order and the current pricing of a stock?
ACA's impact in 2016
GOOG or GOOGL?
SQ. Am I wasting my time?
College student looking to get into the game...Any advice?
Thoughts on NPI
Very concerned about this recent drop
I think that a stock's price/share is going to go down in the future. How do I invest in that idea now?
What to do during a stock market crash
Wanting to start investing with Roth IRA and normal trading. (21 yr old)
What to do with this water company stock certificate
Question about ATVI and EA
Apple's earnings thoughts
China down another 7%, circuit breaker halt, index futures falling, gold rising
Anybody know of a good heat map app for Android?
This stock pays out more dividends then earnings? I don't get it
GE Plans To Cut 6,500 jobs In Europe- Good or bad news?
[CAN] As a Canadian, is it a bad idea to invest in US oil stocks or oil ETFs?
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Stocks: How scared should we be?
Does anyone trade 52 week highs/lows?
Need thoughts on OKE and BKCC
$PQ Anyone buying this bullish stock?
Any up to date thoughts on GoPro [GPRO]?
Your thoughts on RBC?
Good buying opportunity
Rate My Portfolio
I know this is very typical...
How do you guys feel about $NXTD at .79? Buy or nah?
In 08-10 I was in school and had no money. I always told myself when the market drops I would buy. Now that we are here, it's much harder to pull the trigger.
Are there financial websites that display 10 years or more previous financial statements on UK publicly listed companies?
Hey guys, this is why you do not listen to stock wits, in this post, re: $SUNE
Rate my Stocks
Good buys in the market today that could shoot up Monday?
Investing in UWTI
Thinking about buying TWTR. Thoughts?
Binaryoptions for beginners
Advantages for Day Traders &amp; Private Investor
Microsoft Stock: Will this Beat the Iphone?
Tomorrow's opening
Is Netflix sinking because of vpn and privacy issues
Suncor hikes bid for Canadian Oil Sands, gets $4.2 billion deal - Globe and Mail
Advice on what to do - SSYS
Stock Service / App
When do you think will be a good time to buy again?
Hey What Do You Guys Think About TRXC
What are ways to invest in the stock market? Does someone else have to do it for you?
New to investing. Should I invest through TD?
SFXE: Buyout or Bankruptcy
Any favorite podcasts?
Just once I wish the market made sense....
I have $1000 to invest. Suggest anything.
GoPro CEO to make a BIG Announcement!
Purchasing Stock with Robinhood app?
Using Robin Hood
Trading platform UK trades
$LEI up 340%. Anyone have this on their radar or holding any stock before the huge rise? Am I reading it wrong?
Question: Buy Online, but can't Sell Online
NRZ tanking, what to do?
Canada investor here: what's going on with my economy and how is it affecting my ability to invest domestically?
Scottrade Referral for New Members
SoundView Technology Group Issues NXT-ID (NASDAQ: NXTD) Update; New Growth via Partnerships
I want to spend $1000 on drones and related technologies. Any advice?
Question about Dividend dates
Canadian oil companies: Suncors P:E ratios
With The Market Down
What happens in a buyout
What do you guys think of CHK?
Want to dominate 30 day class challenge. (Need advice)
My first big Inge into stocks is looking like Qualcomm!
Why has nobody mentioned DNO?!!? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!
