Survivor Men vs. Women
Survivor name facts
Jeff "spoiling" the voted out person when reading the votes.
Who is the better player: Brenda or Kass?
Re-watching Fiji after a long time....fuck Rocky so much
Your Survivor reference of the moment?
Survivor Kaoh Rong Fantasy League
Small question about Gabon.
What are the "most fun" episodes of survivor?
If you were to rank the winners in tiers, how would you rank them?
Is the ' What season should I watch ' bot still a thing?
[Off Topic] Does anyone else think Redmond is really really good-looking?
Cast thoughts for fans vs favourites 3
Why was Kelly Wentworth brought back?
Introducing /u/RSurvivorMods. Say hi!
Survivor: Beauty Vs Beast
/r/Survivor Best of 2015 Awards!
When _____ gets voted out in Pearl Islands.
Most Attractive Cast?
Thoughts on Survivor: China
This guys season rankings have Amazin PI Vanautu and China in the bottom 3rd
Survival Tactics That Might Actually Save You
Survivor Custom Logos
Looks like Caleb has already started Twitter feuding with the Survivor community
The 7 Things You Need to Know about Survivor: Kaoh Rong
Not bad. Survivor placed #34 on the 2015 r/television's survey.
Has anyone else seen this footage of Jerri Manthey?
If you got on the show and you won it, how would you have loved to win it?
Fishbach for the Survivor 10 dollar bill?
Why did they stop honoring the dead homies/fallen tribesman at the finale like they used to?
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 42
does anyone else think it's bullshit that erik reichenbach took $8000 from people on kickstarter to make a game that was supposed to release 2 years ago
Collection of my favorite Survivor Logo's I have found online
Would you like to see a return to the original BvW format of Returnees vs. their loved ones? How would you alter this format to make it better?
Why was Candice a hero again, in Heroes VS Villains?
Why is Gabon considered as a trainwreck?
Clarifying Yesterday's Reviews Thread, and Wondering Why the Negative Response
What Is Your Flair History?
Interesting idea for a future BvW season.
New idea for dividing a new group of survivors into their respective tribes
Courtney Yates may be hilarious, but...
Jeff Probst is basically Mac from It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Just finished Tocantins and started Micronesia...
Is the s32 tribe that stars on the Angkor beach going to be the buffoon tribe?
Survivor Safety Scale!
What are some entertaining or unusual family visit moments that you remember?
Which parks and recreation character would do the best on survivor?
The player whose stock rose the most after Cambodia...
Sidebar idea (S32 Cast Spoilers)
God I hate Robb, he's so boring.
Question about Tribal Council.
Hopes for kaoh rong?
Recast Fans vs Favs #2
Survivor Kaoh Rong Commercial
Survivor: Kaoh Rong Meet The Castaways Playlist (cuz CBS too stoopid to make one)
Who do you think will find idols this season?
The Canadian Vapery - Authentic Premium eLiquid and Vape Hardware
In honor of Fiji day, a side bar request:
Survivor Crack - Episode 3 (Cambodia, All Stars, Phillipines, BvW, Redemption Island, China, Thailand, Australia, Samoa, Pearl Islands, Palau spoilers)
Experienced some deja vu while reading my history textbook...
Tocantins FTC reference in s31?
Kaoh Rong Meet The Cast Video Playlist
Why is Steph perceived so negitavely in Guatemala?
link to sidebar link
How was Abi voted in over Malcolm for Survivor: Cambodia
SURVIVOR AWARDS PART 2 (Re-uploaded because some people couldn't access it)
Second Chance 2 Ballot: Vote for the cast!
Anagrams of Castaways' Names (Seasons 1-32) [A lot of them are pretty FUNNY!!]
If you could crossover anyone from another reality-show onto Survivor, who &amp; why?
I think Neal...
What are some Survivor rumors?
Does anyone know where Dreamz from Survivot Fiji is now?
so far who is the person you keep forgetting is a player this season?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Australian Outback - Player of the Season
Offseason Posting
Columbia's Survivor "Desafio Africa" starts on US TV tonight.
Wentworth and Tasha
If the jury got to vote after watching the season, would the winners change?
Reflecting on Second Chance videos
Will kat ever play survivor again?
/r/survivor Winner Rankings Poll
I made a new bransteele game using the new contestants.
Cochran vs Boston Rob, who's a better player?
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 30
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes (No. 31) | Inside Survivor
Can someone do a Twitter list of all the S32 cast?
New S32 Twist from Redmond [S32 Spoilers]
Saw a familiar face while playing Nba2k16 earlier
What gets better with age?
Rank Gordon Holmes, Dalton Ross, Jeff Probst in stupidity/Survivor knowledge
Survivor Historians
Troyzan and Kim in FTC: "The move that demolished Troy's game"
Opinion about Coach after South Pacific (and the Brandon ep of Caramoan)
Who recruited who?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Gabon - Megathread
R Hatch going into All Stars..?
The Four Seasons of Survivor
Watch this movie!!!
Winter 2015 Season Popularity Poll Results: #4, #3
What are some seasons you like but is generally disliked? vice versa as well
List of Survivors Who Seem to be Very Aware That They're Going to be on TV
Ideas for rewards/advantages in exchange for _____
Do I Watch the Biggest Loser Tomorrow or the Football National Championship Game?
Last 13 seasons. A choice that confused me about each one
What would happen if a contestant refused to tell anyone their name?
Learned how my two favorite shows are connected
Cambodia Intro Credits Symbolism of a Final 6 Episode (x-post /r/survivortheory)
The Top 50 Survivor Episodes - No. 23
Richard Hatch is on the new season of the biggest loser.
That's a cute version of "Step on Up" you have there, Thailand
[survivor] My name is Ivy! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
If you could crossover anyone from another reality-show on Survivor, who &amp; why?
Survivor: Thailand Rewatch (Episodes 5 &amp; 6 Discussion Thread)
First look at the S32 Tribal Council Set
Cast All-Brawn, All-Brain, All-Beauty seasons
How come Brendan hasn't returned? (tocantins)
Where is Brady Finta from?
Philippines F8 Tribal (spoilers)
Briefly turn the plot of your favourite game into a survivor scenario.
Hottest contestants from Seasons 1-10, "realest" contestants from Seasons 22-32
Ryno's dick slip
Does Survivor need to change anything?
Winter 2015 Season Popularity Poll Results: #19, #18
Is there a legal way to watch survivor episode from Germany?
do we think probst will bro crush over caleb so hard that he'll call him "reynolds"?
They HAVE TO bring back the "DDR" challenge from Fiji back! Who's with me??
Julie McGee &amp; John Rocker
Just finished watching Survivor: Cook Islands for the first time and...
/r/survivor Winner's Ranking: #31, #30
The Whole Enchilada.
Fishbach aligns with George III and the British
Found this Survivor icon in a local restaurant
"Explorer"--Awesome piece of Survivor music I just found and wanted to share
Caleb described by Shane Dawson
Hey Guyz! It's Kayleigh!
Most unpopular survivor opinion you have?
For Making a Murderer fans: It looks like Jerry Buting is a fan of Survivor.
Looking for 5 people interested in my survivor pool
Idol Reveal Strategy
Survivor Dreams
You're forced at gunpoint to marry a castaway of the gender you are not attracted to. Who do you pick?
Lloyd Quinto (Casting Editor for “The Amazing Race” &amp; “Survivor”) will be doing an AMA Thursday (Jan28) at 7PM EDT!
Most Subtle Social Moves
Which S32 Castaways do you think will really butt heads? Who do you think will be besties? (No Spoilers)
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Thailand - Player of the Season
Erik Reichenbach in Caramoan
If you were on the Jury, what question (or kind of question) would you ask?
If you had complete control over making the next second chance ballot, who would you pick and why?
Allow me to explain why South Pacific is the absolute worst
Most Parvati like player?
Underrated locations
Most Surprisingly Awful Challenge Performance?
Most baffling moment?
Hali Ford needs to make a comeback
When should official cast info and everything be out?
S34 as "TOP-DOGS vs. UNDER-DOGS" would be BETTER than HvV2 or Second Chance 2...
Has there ever been a pair of contestants who knew each other before competing?
I'm binge watching Worlds Apart for the first time
Which season's rewatch completely changed your opinion about the season?
Finally finished watching all 31 seasons!!!
Survivor has a really scary host compared to The Amazing Race and Big Brother...
Which Big Brother contestants would make the worst Survivor contestants?
Has Will ever apologized to Shirin?
My Favorite Coach Moment
People you're surprised ever got through casting.
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 47
CUSTOM FLAIR request thread.
Just finished survivor pearl islands and I have a question
Survivor looks like it's leaving Amazon Prime, which seasons should I watch before they're gone?
Are Jaclyn's boobs real?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | China - Player of the Season
Building a Survivor fantasy league from scratch-- interested in feedback on my scoring system
Rewatching Panama and...
Who is an early boot that you love, but probably would've gotten sick of if they had lasted longer?
Which player has the most untapped potential?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Pearl Islands - Megathread
Natalie shouldn't get credit for the final 5 play.
Which tribe is most likely to produce a winner?
Favorite Voting Confessional?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Africa - Megathread
In honour of Amazon Day.. I have a question.
What season should I watch next?
LEAST funny season?
Nicaragua Rewatch. What was the perception of Brenda during the season?
What name are you surprised we don't see on Survivor very often?
Survivor pay rates?
Brand of toothpaste and Survivor contestants
Survivor: Water vs. Fire
Survivor Returnee Season: Cook Islands II ??
Who are you picking for your flair choice and why are they the right choice?
This made my birthday a great one
Rooting on /u/buttercat during my China rewatch!
The Top 50 Survivor Episodes - No. 20
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 33
RHAP - Survivor/Big Brother Meetup in NYC with Andrea Boehlke &amp; Meg Maley
Anyone planning on watching Biggest Loser with Richard Hatch tonight?
Understanding Power Users
Will Kaoh Rong be a final 2? *potential spoilers*
Pearl Islands treasure chest..lol
Best One Time Players (Non-Winners)
Unpopular opinion: Pearl Islands is a mediocre season.
Happy Preseason!
50 Favorite Survivor Players (Cambodia Updated)
What is it called when a survivor sits down and talks to a camera individually about the game without other contestants around
Pearl Islands Question
what do most people think of natalie anderson as a winner?
Similar Story Arcs
Why was Courtney Yates a villain?
Term for a certain type of players
So in my heart I know he has no shot, but I'm definitely backing Scot in Kaoh Rong
Idol Twist Idea.
FiveThirtyEight mentions Borneo FIC in article about NFL playoffs
Francesca giving dating advice on the Today show.
A really cool series of videos on Jeff Probst's time on Survivor, including how he got to be host, how he tries to keep spoilers away, and more
I pointed out Jenn's (S32) mistake...
Does anyone else get tired of "what if" hypothetical questions being asked?
Thoughts on Survivor: Samoa
Jeff Probst Questions
Did Rob Cesternino forsee Jeremy's Second Chance narrative during the recording of the Evolution of Strategy.
(SPOILERS) Just finished watching Thailand for the first time.
Meet the Survivor videos
Insignificant contestants that you love?
Before Survivor some day comes to an end - what situation are you *dying* to see play out?
Trying to find ponderosa videos or Worlds Apart and SJDS
Who each of the S32 castaways think they are most like
Wentworth's idol play was kind of boring, wasn't it?
Kelley Wentworth Was Closer to Winning The Game Than We Think?
Which winners polled better with jury members not from their starting tribe?
Question about Cook Islands
The case for Monica Culpepper to win BvW?
/r/survivor Winner Rankings: #14 &amp; #13
What's Your Favorite Season Design Theme?
Just finished re-watching Cambodia, and this really bugs me
RHAP did a talk about seasons with NFL QBs and said the comparison for Big Ben was Ted Rogers JR!
For a good time...
RHAP: Casting Big Brother onto Survivor | with Eric Stein
We need to start saving season promos like this to look back on and laugh about.
Would you consider Russell Hantz one of the best players if he wasnt an asshole?
Scot telling kids to do drugs
Gabon sidebar request
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 38
I don't remember Sugar being that popular (first 20 or so seconds)
Was reading a NFL Artical and there were a few paragraphs about Survivor Borneo
This article about football discusses Borneo's final challenge in depth to prove a point
So I've heard Jeff Probst cusses like a sailor but it's obviously never aired. Found this little gem at 13:09
What are your popular survivor opinions?
Panama was Terry's season to win.
What do INV, CPP and OTT stand for?
How many guys has Andrea sucked off for her job?
Three Tribe to Three Tribes
Someone put these two guys on Blood vs Water 3
Sidebar image request
Who do you think are potential heroes and villains?
Does Jeff actually forward videos to casting?
Make A Haiku about your Favorite Survivor
Who is the most r.obbed g.oddess ever?
What 2 seasons are the most different from each other?
Why hasn't Katie from Blood vs. Water 27 come back?
Which move ruined a season
Which returning player has had the worst fall from grace?
Hotter: Cagayan Beauties VS Kaôh Rōng Beauties?
Tom Westman vs Denise Stapley, who's a better player?
Survivor Amy - Micronesia
Alex is the man... aside from Earl that is. (Survivor: Fiji re-watch)
Why was Jeremy and Spencer so harsh to Kimmi in the finale of Cambodia?
Tracy Hughes-Wolf is amazing, underrated, and needs to return
The Tiebreaker Trifecta
Survivor: Why haven't they returned yet
Proud parent moment, my 5-year-old just asked, "when does the next season of Survivor start?"
When would you say Probst got comfortable/loud/more vocal
What do you guys think about this Redemption Island twist?
Kelley Wentworth’s Sneaky, Sneaky Survivor Second Chance Story
[survivor] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:oiigslagsan
Random Parvati sighting at a CC roast from a year before Cook Islands aired [approx. 3:27]
Screencaps from new promo
BeastMode Cowboy Caleb won't win. But he'll make an excellent ally.
You're on BvW with a previous contestant who shares your first name. Who makes it farther?
Australian update?
Winter 2015 Season Popularity Poll Results: #6, #5
Anyone that's ruled out a return that you'd still like to see back?
What would be your (actual) winning strategy?
So do people like Boston Rob?
[META] This new subreddit banner is meh
Top 10 Players
Best heartfelt jury question /speech?
Marquesas Question
Some thoughts on Thailand
Hey /r/survivor! I'm doing a little creative writing project and need YOUR input!
Flair Help Thread
The Filup Shepherd strategy
Why would you not win Survivor?
Best of Jeff Probst video?
My Custom Logos
Mike's popularity from a foreigners perspective
Ok Reddit castaways what is the likelihood of getting autographs
Can you give money to someone at an auction?
Help me support Michelles Place for Breast cancer research please! All Donations are welcome. $25 or more and I will included a autographed picture. Thanks!!!
I need help to decide which season I should watch next
Re watching older seasons..
Sidebar image request, please.
Winner Prediction
Hey Guyz! It's Kayleigh!
What do you say to people that say Survivor is "so fake/scripted?"
Stephen's point on RHAP about the flaaawed jury system
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Thailand - Megathread
Most awkward vote offs?
What if, in Final Two Seasons, the Final Person voted out had won the FIC?
What's the Difference between Winning Survivor and Winning the Lottery?
Speculation on Season 34 and Beyond
Who is going to be this sub's main winner pick?
What are the reason to the differences of fan reaction to the Dawn-Brenda betrayal and the Boston Rob-Grant one
Is the game of Survivor broken?
Would acting like a goat be a good strategy?
What is with people being so down on Survivor Cagayan after originally everyone loving it?
What are some great underrated confessionals?
Jay Byers' Webseries
Richard Hatch vs Tina Wesson, who's a better player?
Sidebar image request (BRING ON THE H8RS IDC)
The Dom &amp; Colin Podcast: Spencer Bledsoe Reflects on His Second Chance
Episode 2 of Survivor Reelfoot Season 2
In an alternate universe.
Tasha Sidebar Nomination
Survivor - Meet The Castaways of Kaoh Rong (Proxy link in comments)
Julia's bio is impressive. I hope she isn't an early boot with three confessionals.
Abi's bat-friends
Liz Markham goes skydiving
Kelley Wentworth talking about Keith
RHAP Interview with Fishbach - Part 2
Make your least favorite player sound like the Greatest Of All Time.
Survivor continuing their offseason advertising campaign
Survivor audition tips (my view of it)
Hali Ford is Colleen Haskell 2.0
If there was a survivor season that didn't take itself seriously and was just a big joke, what would it be like?
My thoughts after re-watching Guatemala
The Ultimate Survivor Fan Survey 2016
Just finished Guatemala and...
Any suggested viewing material before watching Season 1?
natalie anderson a hero or villain?
What is the most non-athletic cast?
Survivor Idol Players
Should We Expect Some of the Pre-Season 32 Videos on CBS this Wednesday?
Luxury Items..?
Which two seasons are the most similar?
S32 idol twist
Changing perception of certain seasons
How far would Parvati and Sandra go in an All-winners season?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Africa - Player of the Season
Survivor needs to go to 4K HDR ASAP
Most interesting losers reactions?
Favorite Reunion Show
Why did they bring back Francesca for Caramoan? Please explain.
So Who are the Best Players?
Survivor: All Stars Question
The Most Off-season-y Post
Why Challenges Suck
How many of Survivor's first 150 competitors can you name?
Found Jennifer's "Season 22" friend...not who I expected.
I did a BrantSteele Survivor season with casting choices loosely based on the second Survivor rankdown. What do you think?
The 50 Best Survivor Episodes - No. 45
Is a 2-1-1 vote possible?
The song "Nebraska" by Bruce Springsteen is based on the 1973 Terrence Malick film "Badlands." I made this video putting the two together.
Considering that a potential HVV2 is coming up for S32, who do you think should come back?
Tai, Debbie, and Alecia are the final 3
Under-edited people who were actually important to what happened in the game?
Would you like to see anyone else from One World return?
Most Cutting-Edge and Innovating Twist Idea Since Cook Islands (With sample simulation as reference)
Name a BRAND NEW filming location you would like to see and why. Make FRESH suggestions
Friendboy surprises me once again [Borneo]
What makes Sophie Clarke a good player?
I think you can almost fit any theme onto any season (BvW not included) so here is my lineup for Survivor:Kaôh Rōng White Collar vs Blue Collar vs No Collar.
When has someone's pre season bravado and cockiness ever paid off?
Riddles to guess, riddles to check... Twiddles, no diddles, where shall we go next?
So Michele lives about 5 minutes away from me, shares many mutual friends, and actually was friends in school with my brother in law.. How should I proceed?
Tarzan/Troyzan?
[Fan Fiction] Hollywood A-Listers, Crossover Celebs Highlight Survivor Sequel's Cast
Who do you think will get the invisible edit?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng!
Frank Garrison
Anna = Amanda?
Help decide how Winner Picks should work for S32!
I've stopped loving Survivor :(
Leslie Nease AMA
Which big brother seasons do you recommend?
Build your ideal cast for a Survivor Season with reality show contestants from other reality shows/"Celebrity Survivor"
My "Two Fanbases" theory
Your Thoughts on THE True Survivor God?
/r/survivor Winner's Ranking Introduction + Predictions
Most cringeworthy survivor moment?
Survivor Channel on Youtube removed this then reposted it and removed the ending!
Probst drives a Tesla!
Which is a season you think will get better ratings on /r/survivor next time?
Fixed the Brawn tribes photo (I thought CBS was above photoshopping contestants)
Peih Gee is streaming live, answering questions and playing League of Legends!
A survivor overcomes his hatred of New Yorkers because he wants to Make America Great Again
Will Kirby on Survivor...in 15 years
CBS’ New President of Entertainment reaffirmed his love of Survivor
SURVIVOR AWARDS PART 2
What past players are want to return?
Some unfortunate news for buff fanatics...
S32: Joe Del Campo with some interestingly cryptic tweets and quickly deleted (possible spoilers) [NSFW]
My Question About Cook Islands
Tarzan yelling at someone in One World?
Kelley Wentworth S32 Cast Assessment Periscope
Something fun I noticed about Kaoh Rong buffs
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Vanuatu - Megathread
Survivor: Blood-y Marys vs Caesars
Whats everyones thoughts on Julia from the new cast?
Cook Islands: Candice
What is the worst possible theme the show could have?
Who played their idol the coolest way?
Just finished watching Australia (for the 2nd time), was wondering..
Can we make an official ranking list of the "golden boys"
Did ______ deserve some recognition in Nicaragua?
Did Probsts just find his next Spencer?
Survivor: Thailand Rewatch (Episodes 7 &amp; 8 Discussion Thread)
ideas for Survivor seasons to come
Rewatching Philippines, forgot about this gem.
New CSS viewed link colour
Bold Predictions for Survivor in 2016 (Seasons 32 and 33)
Having trouble finding season 4
The sub's opinion on Danni
R/Survivor Season Rankings Results (121 responses)
Just found this funny interaction between Igor and Probst
How to Wear Your Buff
Coach's commentary on his famous immunity challenge
What could Kaoh Rong? A Season 32 contestant doesn't want to Make America Great Again.
Jason Siska's looking different.....
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people forth around the world ! Anonymous registration , no pays!
Survivor Australia host rumour - Chris Brown (Bondi Vet)
Yul talks about his struggles growing up
Survivor: Kaôh Rōng Rumored Buffs | Inside Survivor
Survivor: Brains vs. Brawn. Beauty with Returnees?
Little Milgram Achievers
Memorable stuff from each season (SPOILERS):
Anagrams of Survivor Castaways' Names (Seasons 21-26) [...Pretty FUNNY!!]
Well if we're sharing Survivor meetings:
Sidebar Pic Request...
Tell Me A Coach Story
Which Kaoh Rong castaway do you think will become the funniest character of the season?
Weird luxury items
On a Scale from Sugar to Sandra how excited are u for S32 and why?
Which Contestants should be brought back and Which Theme should be?
Immunity and jury votes
Does anyone think Elisabeth seems similar in look and personality to Julia Landauer?
What do survivor fans think of big brother?
Anyone else dying to see cutthroat Brenda come back onto survivor?
Working on Improvised Survivor
New Caledonia as a location?
Just realized that...
Can someone explain to me what really happened when Boston Rob fainted in episode 2 of Heroes vs. Villains?
/r/survivor Winner Rankings: #29 and #28
Sidebar request
Is this eligible for the Funny 115?
New Blog Layout + Season 32 Guests!
Which celebrity would you like to see on survivor?
Wait, is this Cochran in Netflix Jessica Jones as a cameo?!?
This cover for a new Survivor-related book I am working on. Thought you all might be interested.
SJDS Sidebar Nomination
[survivor] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Christina one world
Kind of a dumb question...
For my economics class I have to do a project on the economics of Survivor, any ideas?
Kimmi Kappenberg was almost the master strategist of Cambodia.
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Fiji - Megathread
Is Mildly Interesting Fact Guy ok?
Countdown to Kaôh Rōng | Marquesas - Player of the Season
Which Contestant Wins the Jim Halpert Award for Camera-Staring?
Why hasn't anyone lied in FTC to better their case?
Absolutely loved the Tocantins FTC.
How would a season of Adam Sandler characters vs. Leonardo DiCaprio characters go?
Who are your favs for s32: Brawn v Beauty v Brain
So I just finished survivor fiji...
S13. Why did Penner flip the second time?
Survivor: Thailand Rewatch (Episodes 3 &amp; 4 Discussion Thread)
Preview of Jeremy &amp; Joe on The Young and The Restless.
Jeff Probst: I Could Do Survivor For 'Many More Seasons'
make money taking surveys online
Running a poll over on r/survivorbeauty
Josh Collins, Jeremy's twin, reaction to final vote
Picture of Jeremy with his newborn baby
Lloyd Quinto, (Casting Editor for “The Amazing Race” &amp; “Survivor”) will be doing an AMA Thursday (Jan28) at 7PM EDT!
Best James Quotes?
Bit off-topic:
Does anyone know where I can watch the reunion show for season 3?
Is eating double portions of rice a legitimate strategy for a tribe?
Double Vote Idea
Which tribe had better players in HvV?
/r/survivor Winner Rankings: #27
Favourite tribal council set design?
The principles of Survivor dating
What would be your dream cast?
Foreign survivor seasons
First Boot of Kaoh Rong Survey
Most Intensive Seasons
Offseason time! What is your most unpopular Survivor opinion?
Re-watched Fiji. A thought on ______'s win.
Question about Pearl Islands
Identifier of each season?
Alecia comparison
What alliance would you make of Survivors with no seasons standing
Why cant we get multiple winners edits in one season?
Basic Bitch Question
Thoughts about Phillip Sheppard?
Aubry leading the Elves will lead to her becoming the Sole Surivor!!!
Sidebar Request
The Top 50 Survivor Episodes - No. 21
Click this link and retweet to ask Ian Rosenburger to do an AMA!
Sidebar Request (If someone has a better quality version please feel free)
Found this full picture of JT's letter. Colby has an amazing signature.
Just finished "Dinner, Movie and a Betrayal"..
If anybody is interested in playing a short Survivor Game, I'm hosting an Epic Mafia lobby right now. It should only take an hour.
Why were there no black people on Guatemala?
