Having an issue with my computer and might be related to my motherboard.
Used windows Memory diagnostic tools and applications/ games start to randomly stutter every 30 seconds or so for about a half a second.
So I just finished my first build and I am really having some problems.
Not able to merge unallocated space in Disk Management
ASUS EEE PC 1015PX reloaded with Windows 7 32bit OS, Windows Update not working
How do I create a bootable USB from a windows ISO file when I am on windows 8.1
I own my computer and I'm the main user, so why do I get "folder can't be opened because you don't have permission to see it's contents"?
New prepaid phone with 4gb of "system data"
Bought a new SSD, what's the best way to implement it into my current system?
Looking for help for a friend. N1Service.dll File error.
Disabling a usb port
Problem regarding Google Chrome being defaulted to a fake Yahoo search engine...
Disable High Contrast on certain things? Windows 7
Mirroring to a 3TB drive
SYSTEM_SERVICE_EXCEPTION Blue Screen
New PC wont display anything
System Volume Information folder almost 400GB
Blue Yeti no longer working.
Computer runs slow when charging, and other bugs
How to make a hard drive in a USB router port accessible to Xbox One? (image posts) [X-Post r/xboxone]
Computer keeps freezing
Windows 8.1 system Nvidia video drivers keep crashing.
Not sure which to replace (Mobo or CPU)
Epson Scan not opening -- trying to scan urgent docs
microsoft product key
Help with Internet. Please! Troubleshooting cell phones
Long shot, but could someone help me find a service manual for my laptop or help me figure out how to get access to the hard drive?
Having difficulty to get dual monitors on my PC (monitor + wacom cintiq) to work. Not recognizing and displaying both at same time.
Can't complete installations: Error -1632. The temp folder is on a drive that is full or is inaccessible.
How much to replace my laptop motherboard
Attempting to do a clean install of Windows 10 on a partially new computer that currently has windows 7
PC crashes when playing games
External Hard Drive still has Trojan and now I/O errors after formatting
Just installed 8Gb of ram from 4Gb but only 5,8GB is usable.
BenQ xl2411z noise on 144hz
Windows 8.1 custom desktop frequently restarts unless a game is running...
Hey /r/techsupport, help a guy out with this month-old problem. Programs won't open correctly (doesn't appear on screen or taskbar), but task manager shows process running (with significantly lower memory). What's going on?
All my RAM is being used despite have almost nothing open
Bad BIOS Checksum - won't detect USB
Computer(windows 10) is lagging, hesitating and downright slow
Can anyone diagnose this mysterious beep from an MSI R9 280x? (Probably not coil whine)
Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Bricked
Brand new WD eternal hard drive is making a regular thumbing sound. Should I return it to amazon and get a new one?
Is it possible to save part of a Squarespace block to use for later?
Sound only coming from one earcup.
msupdate71 dwm.exe virus on Mac
Vizio M-60 TV volume spiking
[Discussion] help me learn about hard drive health!
2tb seagate external HD corrupted
Question aboutre-partitioning
New Build Issue: Had a signal, then moved from work bench to my desk and now no Signal to Monitor via HDMI from Mobo
Facebook iPad app is slow! How do I make it faster again?
Computer wont boot, loud beeping - Initialising Intel Boot Agent
Unable To Backup Locked Phone, Windows Command Prompt Not Working
New keyboard shorts out laptop. Looking for long term fix.
How can I get several keys to work again?
Share my desktop HDD with macbook?
Missing .dll errors
Should I overclock my laptop?
Automatic router reset switch/power cycler?
Computer can only load Windows-related programs.
One site is not working in both Chrome and IE. The site demands that both cookies and javascript be enabled to function. They are... I need access to this site for my job.
Notebook always starts in Startup Repair
[Question] Related to Dual Band Router
Need help with OS please.
Dualshock 4 sudden increase in latency over bluetooth on PC
HP G61 Laptop Battery Issue
Trouble with an micro SD card
GPU/Monitor randomly cutting to grey glitchy screen on new computer
Imgur Not Loading Properly or Not Loading at All
Using Multiple External Ip's with 1 Nic
Google Chrome not Launching on Windows 10
Windows 10 This Computer showing a bunch of un-used drives?
When i turn my monitor off/on it makes a sound as if I was plugging in an USB flash drive...?!
Using macro keys to control volume?
Router Downstairs. Roommates new smart T.V. killing internet (100mbps )
Ominous folder mysteriously appeared on desktop
Terrible FPS in CSGO please help.
Monitor cable lengths
Display Port not working. Only DVI is.
I need some help removing some nasty Adware.
Bought new CPU and motherboard, now when i start the computer My monitor says "no video input entering sleep mode"
Internet Slows down at night, disabling WiFi fixes it.
Random PC Shutdown &amp; Reboot Loops!
Games think that I'm holding the letter "s"
Brother spilled cola into his PC
Flickering "hot" red pixels all over LED monitor, random in location and intensity depending on screen content
keyboard not working
Would is be possible to use an Nvidia GPU and an MSI GPU in the same computer?
Windows 10 100% disk usage sucks
5GHz Wi-Fi from my router is no longer showing, any ideas what I'm doing wrong?
Advice with backup and moving data to new pc
Exporting Firefox logins/passwords to IceCat
Computer crashing during games
Help connecting a third display
I ejected my iPod Touch before properly ejecting it. Will it be damaged?
Can I do a fresh install on my new PC with this?
RAM &amp; Mobo Issues Episode 2
Battery issues; laptop turns itself off.
Help me remove adware I got from Popcorn Time!
PCB replacement for Seagate 1TB
Recovering data from a dead laptop hard drive.
PC power on, but nothing happens
In a bind with my dads computer.
[Windows 10] Keyboard/microphone/etc. randomly disconnecting and reconnecting
BSoD "REGISTRY_ERROR" after 10-15 minutes of idling
Some emoticons are not showing up (Facebook/reddit)
Pc randomly won't POST, gets stuck in a boot loop.
Internet speed test says 700 Mbps, download speed says different
running microsoft project 2013 on MAC
Large games freeze for a few seconds at a time
Can someone help me fix this problem?
CPU temperature over 55-60 degree when almost idle, what should I do?
Trying to set up my own cloud per se
Is it secure to sign out of the Mac App Store on OS X 10.10 Yosemite?
Paper jam error....
I have something strange going on with my PC not sure what.
GTX970 capping at 72fps in games
Graphical Issues and Boot Issues
Usb port issue
Windows 10 BSOD MACHINE_CHECK_EXCEPTION
I can't uninstall internet explorer
Questions regarding partitions
Java error code 2
Laptop Charge System issue
How to Request: How can I CHOOSE snapshots for video file thumbnails? (VLC)
Still have adware after following Official Malware Removal Guide (Windows 10)
What Cable should I use?
Help changing resolution on Mitsubishi LT-40134
Wtf is wrong with my screen?? Why my screen's dark shades blocky/blurry? URGENT
Xp or windows 7 for ageing machine?
Pc network card, driver issues
Windows 10 Laptop At times unable to enter sleep mode
No initialization option for HDD, not sure how to assign it?
Display not working, but LED lights on keyboard flashing on the HP-f039wm?
My computer only finds my Wi-Fi internet sometimes. It will find other Wi-Fi connections just fine, all the time. My phone will find my Wi-Fi with no problems all the time. What the heckfire is happening?
Low internet speeds - How do I check what's eating my internet?
[iPhone 5] My aunt tried installing new battery, now her iPhone 5 does not boot properly. I tried a system restore, but it did not work. Power button also seems to not work. (detailed info in comments.)
Please help me get my new Bluetooth headphones connected normally/easier
Google search loop problem across all OS's and browsers
I have a new router, and lost feature from old one. Need to figure out which setting I need to change on the new one to get the feature back.
Buying replacement display for dell laptop from alibaba
Windows could not automatically detect this network's proxy settings
Laptop not connecting to wifi or ethernet
Looking for file renaming software
Help getting Warhammer: Mark of Chaos (2008) working on Windows 10?
Windows 10 Driver memory leak.
Need to download drivers for Gateway NV55s laptop.
Do I need to reinstall OS or can I just uninstall all programs to speed up laptop (self.Windows10)
Getting fps loss after CPU upgrade (i3 to i5)
After connecting my surface pro 4 to an external monitor, every time I open a new window or restore a minimized one the screen kind of pauses, and sort of resizes before showing the screen I expect. What's going on?
AMD R9 390 Fan Issue
Why does my computer sound like it's stomach is growling whenever i open programs
Girlfriend's laptop crapping out completely. What was a MBR issue turned into something completely over my head.
Firefox won't recognize any security certificates
IP banned in some websites due to spam (I never did)
Is it possible to factory reset an Asus Eee PC 4g ...?
Audio device called "Digital Output (S/PDIF)" locked as default device
Random Blue screen issue on computer after 2 years no hardware change.
Transferring large files from NTFS external hard drive to HFS+ external hard drive
Arduino will not respond to button presses.
Wifi adapter drivers keep reverting back to the one that windows chose.
Some webpages don't load or load partially on one computer in the house.
I done goofed.
windows 7 drivers for bluetooth on old dell vostro 1510 laptop
Windows 7 Time restraints = perma restraint on parental controls
Memory check please - DDR3
Upgrading major parts beginner in need of help
Witcher 3 Nvidia graphics driver crash
Move photos from iCloud back to device
new intel CPU and heatsink overheating
What are safe CPU temperatures for my laptop?
How do I mount a chroot?
Trouble installing Windows on new computer
Epson xp 200 will not print
Odd burning-ish smell coming from laptop.
Dotted circle next to songs in iTunes
Question about applications on a USB.
Text messages on Android 4.4.2 KitKat: Whenever I send a text to someone, there is a delivery report under the message, either "sent" or "delivered." I googled the differences and...
Wifi only works when connected to VPN
I dropped my LG G2, now the screen has smearing or ghosting on it.
Unable to sign into second Google account (at all, not just both at once)
CyberPowerPC Laptop stuck on Aptio Utility Setup at Boot Up
How do i get a google cache on reddit from an old part in news section?
Shadowplay Double Image Error?
Stuck in a Boot Loop on Windows 8
Noticing some weirdly large CPU temperatures.
PC Speakers emitted a very loud feedback, then the power light turned off. No sound afterwards.
Which Windows 7 Updates to not install?
Computer not Recognizing Turtle Beach x12 Headset (Windows 10)
Setting up internet on new hard drive/how to install the right drivers
3570k Not low performance
Windows 10 Laptop screen goes to black every 30 minutes
Windows 10 Realtek High Definition Audio "Not plugged in"
USB's not working, except one port
Whenever I apply pulling force to my cables in the back, my loud fan becomes quiet. What could be the problem?
Steam and World of Tanks have both stopped connecting to servers.
Delete Outrageous Deal
Get Informative And Comprehensive Technical Support By Calling On Hotmail Customer Service Phone Number
How to Install Google Chrome Extension
HELP DESK !! 1 888 300 7747 avast antivirus technical support
How do I change the hard drive on my 2009 MacBook Pro(no HD, no Retina display)? Can I get one with more space?
Delete Adware Helpers
1-888-959-1458 Mozilla Firefox Not Working
How can i make it so i can use my sprint phone when i switch to at&amp;t
Looking for a wireless device to mirror my computer screen to my TV
Youtube video uploaded in 4k, 12 hours later its still not in HD, Stuck at 360p.
Are these normal temps for downloading a game?
[Troubleshoot] PC wont boot (black screen) with graphics card installed
Extremely slow wifi
Interesting internet problems
Realtek HD Audio manager issue.
How do I access a program on a CD-ROM that is for Windows 95 and Windows 3.1 on Windows 7?
Trackpad on an XPS 13 stopped allowing gestures (two finger swiping, scrolling)
CPU fan runs slower after replacing system fan.
Having FPS problem when i shouldn't
RAM usage jumps to 7 of 8GB in Windows 10
High Video Memory Usage
[Windows 10] Earbuds not working after computer restart.
Boxes for Mobo and CPU
Slow Windows 10 restart/boot times with top of the line components
Windows is not activated and I can't scan with AVG
Network questions
Multiple Monitor Issues
[W7] Unable to find drivers form USB 3.0 PCIe card
My mic keeps setting itself to 0 by itself
Can my company's IT team see my photos, texts, browsing history, etc. if I have installed their MDM software on my personal device?
What would happen if you turned on a system without the GPU plugged into the power supply?
Reduced RAM while in Hibernate, now getting 0xC0000005 error for some games
Need help adding a wifi extender to an NETGEAR DGN1000v3 modem router
Does the Windows 10 free upgrade registration key work when reinstalling Windows?
New Desktop, Games have an FPS Slowdown, only fixed by a reboot.
Nvidia GTX 970: Driver's crashing then immediately restoring
What does this mean?
Need help accessing free upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 10, please.
'08 Macbook no longer recognizing internal speakers
I accidentally deleted a system folder "shortcut"
How do I fix this error with Google Drive when my laptop starts up? What does it mean?
Windows can't install any drivers
Issues implementing Firewall
Can't boot to Windows (or safe mode)
Is there a possibility that I can extract photos off a dead iphone?
Black screen crashes.
Terrible FPS bottleneck, integrated GFX or other?
ASUS Laptop G53S Charger pin broken. What to do?
Tried to play an older Android game on my Galaxy Avant. This happened...
Dead Igpu or motherboard ?
Bluetooth driver is driving me insane
Disable adaptive contrast n Windows 10?
Searching for a Unique AC Adapter
Windows 7 Print Driver Question
Random glyphs and application hangs on computer. Baffled as to what it could be.
Blade and Soul Lag
Usb Headset, hearing mic through headset speakers
wifi question for a more tech savvy redditor
Second monitor is detected but showing nothing but black. Windows 10
[Win7] Double ding sounds popup every couple of hours and dings before shutdown... What is it from? How can I find out?
Internet randomly going down while downloading
Can I use a Nokia 3310 with a 3G SIM card and not have it on the data plan?
Questions about optimal RPM for pump in water cooled CPU.
My boss is asking me to get rid of her spam in email
Vanishing hard drive.
Cracked Mini USB on Razer Blackwidow Tournament Edition Keyboard
Built a PC, trying to connect to my mac's wifi.
Bootcamp partition unmountable
Having problems with my Netgear wireless adapter, not sure how to figure out the problem.
Computer boots into BIOS instead of Windows + DVD drive doesn't update automatically
Is it possible to connect my Lenovo Y510p laptop to two different wi-fi connections at once?
issues with amd drivers.
No video signal from computer.
How to read the results of a CDI test?
Window 10 Virus?
Problems with Google Services draining my battery
Microphone not recognized error 43
Upgrading GF's HP Laptop to an SSD...having some issues
No game can be authenticated by any service other than Steam on my Windows 7 PC. Network says "not connected" but works.
Windows 10 opens a new instance of program every time I open a file from file explorer
Keyboards aren´t working except functions such as volume control, homepage and refresh shortcuts.
Can't connect to wifi at work anymore - could I have been blocked?
Any way to tell why my PC restarts in the middle of the night?
Help me diagnose my seemingly possessed computer.
PS3 controller shows up in windows but won't work in-game
Outlook 2016, "An encrypted connection to your mail services is not available"
Low FPS and high startup time on gamer PC
Internet connection slow on WLAN connection, Other devices/connections working normally.
No display on cold boot
Windows 10: Windows explorer crashes cant load certain programs only when external media is connected via usb? Desktop icons won't load
Monitor doing some weird
Programs don't open at the spot where I close them.
Second external monitor works intermittently
Vertical red line through all videos in Firefox 39.0
Either Hibernate Win10 on External SSD or Best way to virtualize Win10 Installation to VirtualBox?
No sound after unplugging and re-plugging headphones.
Hard Drive APM is too aggressive
What is the best MSoffice program to make a pamphlet?
Screen Tearing? Or Something More? Take A Look, Please.
USB Not detected on PC
Chrome produces mouse loading if "Disable Direct Write" is "disabled"
Wifi speeds are at a crawl, also fluctuate very frequently
How do I record one PC with another?
Windows 10 Product key is bad after I installed a new motherboard
Memory leak through my graphics card??
Computer freezing when playing CSGO with ShadowPlay enabled
Skype video stream with sound? (PC)
HP dc7800p Small Form Factor PC - missing PCI Simple Communications Controller driver
Monitor Not Being Detected
Sudden Video Loss 'No Signal'
Driver issues!
Is my paging file too large?
Problem with friends pc.
[Asus TM-AC1900] T-Mobile CellSpot router &amp; overwhelmed by number of options this router has &amp; setting it up correctly for gaming on Xbox One
Everything except Skype is operating slow, I think it's a DNS problem but I can't seem to fix it and Telus hotline can't help
Fatal Error when starting up a game. Tried many things already
Friend and I on the same ISP can't connect to each other in any multiplayer games.
Bought a new Acer laptop, want to get rid of some of the bloatware on it.
Partner having issues, possibly related to RAM.
Lenovo Y580 cannot boot into Windows (Error: 0xc000000e)
Samsung Galaxy Tab A is not making a fully charged notification. Is CleamMaster's Battery Booster responsible? Do you use any of CleamMaster's functions?
Super loud graphics card problem (GTX 770)
Computer crashing every time i open photoshop
Two internet connections.
Stuck at "Loading Operating System..."
Cannot, for the life of me, get my monitors built in speakers to actually work.
SSD showing up everywhere but disk management and my computer
Toshiba Excite 7c AT7-B8 ROM
Extreme lag when watching video on secondary monitor
Computer won't start after removing an HDD (Windows 10)
Laptop is Freezing Periodically (The best way I can explain it)
Sensitive fans on Macbook Pro 15 inch Early 2011
.avi files showing black screen with audio [Windows 10 Help]
PC Trouble. PC does turn on but I believe it is not getting enough power.
GPU fans spinning at UNIMAGINABLE speeds when the software first launches?
Camera SD Card is messed up (might be corrupted?)
My PC keeps on crashing when playing games
Transferring digital downloads from promo codes (sorry if this isn't the place for this question)
Sound Mixer for Windows 10
Windows 7: Can't click on task/startbar unless I Ctrl+Alt+Delete. Happens once every or so minutes.
PC won't boot after GPU swap
Nighthawk X6 R8000 not working
Is my Gigabyte 970 FUBAR?
Issues installing win10 on SSD
What's causing these strange hits to show up on my site and how do I stop them?
Broken screen on beloved dell, can I use my working dell as a screen?
Buffalo Linkstation DLNA not refreshing file list
Need to recover data off of an mSata 22x80m drive. Not sure the best/easiest way to go about doing that.
I have two problems: Scroll wheel on mouse isn't working. And not all RAM is usable, msconfig method doesn't work
Router changed password by itself, hardreset it now it doesn't connect to the internet
Windows 10 update seems to be causing no display
3DMark score has gone down without any changes to hardware.. (40fps in one case, comparison link provided)
If I mount a fan on the bottom of my case, or on the top of my power supply - will there be enough air to blow upwards?
Games crash on my custom build
Having trouble with first time Windows 8 installation (disk)
Clean installed windows 7, now certain games crash on startup.
I'm trying to use my PC (Ethernet) as a DLNA media server, with my Sony Blu Ray (Wi-Fi) player as the streaming device. My PC and Blu Ray player are unable to find each other despite being connected to the same network.
Help: Less Responsive Keys
Razer Kraken Pro microphone not working
Macbook Pro wireless internet cutting in and out - on many different networks. (internet works on other devices)
Possible dead board?
Can't open any exe and some more issues.
Computer won't turn off
My graphics card is driving me crazy
Power problems, but fixed after Dumping Cmos mem
How do I make the carat-underscore-carat emoticon in a comment or a post on reddit?
3570K gaming temps?
Hey guys, got a tough one for ya. Laptop backlight quit on me, already tried a few things and no dice.
Anyway to still receive Imessage on computer when phone goes dead?
Can someone help me with this file signature?
FindingDiscount on Windows 10, Help!
g15daemon and g15macro
Unknown Bluetooth Devices
Windows 7 is unable to download updates.
YOutube acting weird
Is SpeedFAN safe, and if so, how do I use it?
Uninstalled my smartphones OS!
I need to run this Makefile ASAP, and I have no idea what I'm doing
Issue with asus xonar d2
I don't know what's wrong with my internet..
Facebook, steam and origin being hacked.
Pc won't boot after 3 week vacation.
Resetting my computer.
Eloquent network solution for a small business?
Laptop stuck on Boot Menu?
On startup, if my computer is connected to my tv through HDMI, my computer keeps installing NVIDIA audio HD drivers. Is there a way to stop this? It makes startup slow and it also seems redundant to install the driver each time.
PC doesn't show certain folders on my android phone
Boot Priority Issue
Need Help Downgrading Windows 10 Pro to Windows 10 Home
Can I plug a PCI network adapter into a PCIE slot?
Get Rid of 1-888-905-1062
recommendations for good anti-virus software
1-800-749-0917 Dell Technical Support Number
How can I be paying for 50 Mbps and get less than 2??
remove-trojanspymsilomaneat-a
Looking for software recommendations to move away from Excel to something more efficient
Users outside the US. Is Hulu worth it?
Frame stutter in most of my games
Get Rid of Profittower.net Popups
Connection issues using Ubuntu on Virtualbox.
Transferring windows key after motherboard model change?
Rather clueless person looking for an SD card driver.
Code 43 error on AMD HD 7600 GPU. Please Help
Laptop keyboard gone haywire
Windows 8 failed update *PLEASE HELP*
Converting QCP files. What's a good method to convert QCP files?
I can't remove Adobe Illustrator from my computer.
Speaker Noise after Updating GTX 970 Driver
Google wont let me search
[Win 7]BOOTMGR not found... some times, plus a crash
Windows 10 installation isn't sorking
Clean install of windows, can't detect my wireless adapter
First build not turning on
Help figuring out whats causing my computer to have sort of CPU spikes when listening to music or watching a video.
How do I disable stretching on my 16:10 Samsung monitor? (x-post from r/Monitors)
Where can I get parts for my ASUS G75VW-TH72?
How to use ground loop isolator on pc?
I have two different network connection options?!
CPU_OPT: "The speed control function requires the use of a fan with fan speed control design". Is that any 4 pin fan? Can I plug a fan hub into CPU_OPT?
I have a toshiba satellite. ect.. ect.
Weird problem with typing on my computer
My network went down yesterday and now my internet won't work
The Worst Adware i've ever had
Something is clearly broken or busted. PC crashes or stalls at bios. Cant tell which component is the culprit
Adobe CC programs won't open Windows 10
Lenovo Z500 laptop, recently upgraded to Windows 10, doesn't work without charger cord, stuck at "7% available (plugged in, charging)"
Need help transferring files from a Dell to a Macbook.
Messed with my audio setting and now I can't get any kind of headphones/buds to work.
GPU fan suddenly at max speed
I'm trying to install Microsoft Office 2013, and I received this error. *PICS INCLUDED*
Amd drivers keep causing BOSD
Blue Yeti hissing/humming through headphone jack
Downloading Windows 7
Samsung Series 5 NP550P7C laptop expansion help
Error 3194 - Please help!!
Trying to make Adobe Digital my default .acsm opener, but it isnt working..
Stuck on gigabyte uefi dual BIOS screen
What is wrong with my Google Play Store??
Skype microphone problems
gpu glitches, time for a new card (already?)
Toshiba laptop won't boot up from usb
secure boot / no boot device available issues
Samsung Galaxy s5 died. Halp!
creating a bootable HDD drive for Linux?
How can the Host file get infected?
Share DVD from Macbook pro to a PC
No connection via Ethernet?
Gaming keyboard acting stupid
My desktop shortcuts now have black squares over them. Anyone know how to fix this? (Windows 10)
Toshiba Satellite p745-s4320 DC Jack Repair Help
I want to dim my screen all the way to black
SSD+HDD Partitions. First Time. Ironing Out Misconceptions I Had/Have
Trying to use my TMobile Sim card on a just unlocked Samsung Galaxy S4 from Sprint?
Can't open AMD settings (OpenGL error)
F1-12 Key Help.
Why does this pop up when I try to watch a YouTube video?
Recovering File after Emptying Recycling Bin
Can't load mcdonalds apply page
Galaxy S6 Screen Issue
hello i am looking for help with a program [dws]
Computer starts working slowly, and after a while everything stops completely, then "Disk Read Error" messages shows up if I try to restart.
Admin rights changed for my SSD, unsure why
How to save 1 page of a .pdf document?
Need help with disk cloning
[HELP] Wireless adapter not working
iPhone with screen damage
Mouse and keyboard fail to work once windows launches, works on bios
USD Device over current satus detected.
Can i connect a laptop with a broken screen to another device and use it as a screen?
computer randomly wakes up from sleep
Windows 10 - No lan connection, no matter what
Retrieving data from broken laptop.
Windows 10 November Update Issues
Just built a gaming PC and on Windows 10. For some reason, my headphones work but the mic built with it, won't.
Duplex printed cards don't have matching front/back
One of the GPU fans is not spinning
Can anyone tell me whats happening here?
Tried resetting password with a reset disc and now the computer wont boot and got the blue screen of death at start up.
Can't get PC to Boot off usb
Can't get my touchpad to scroll
My 'i' key fell off and the hinge broke? [Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro]
Computers stay disconnected from Internet indefinitely unless I flush DNS cache or reboot
When I turn off my speaker, my boyfriend's screen flashes.
Won't connect my iPad, just plays disconnect noises repeatedly.
PC detects when RAM is removed but total memory remains unchanged.
Most reliable way to store data?
Touchpad not working after windows 10 update
Weird marks on my monitor
A pc in the network group is the only one not trusted by the server
Java has been blocked from accessing graphics hardware
What happens when I connect to multiple internet sources at once? Which does the computer prioritize?
Custom image to reset with on case of PC problems. What is the recommended method/software?
Are these temps too high for CPU?
LG Ultimate 2, tracfone. android kitkat 4.4.2. I just factory reset, and after trying to set up the phone again, i get stuck at a page and it says,"unfortunately, LGSetupWizard has stopped". please help
Horizontal Flickering Lines Appearing on Monitors
Changing Motherboard. Raid 0 Data
Baffled by sudden onset reboot loop issue
Need help with new pc
Cisco Systems VPN client can't reinstall
Computer suddenly very slow
Can't detect device, can't do anything - HD 7850
Best Way to Control Fans? - CPU Fans and Chassis Fans.
New system freezing (hard hang) randomly, but especially when streaming Flash video
Can't open ports on my modem
Intel Boot Agent and DHCP
Problems Connecting EVGA GTX 980 Ti Graphics Card to EVGA 750 G2 Power Supply
CPU won't cool down.
Random crash when doing whatever. Windows 10.
Home-built PC no longer turning on
I just need some help on compatibility of my motherboard with a gpu.
Google Domains has exact functionality I need for email forwarding, but...
"USB Device Over Current Status Detected"
Is there a way to edit out of sync subtitle tracks?
Minor coffee spill on righthand side of acer laptop. Now the keyboard is malfunctioning. Help?
Three Long Beeps
