I already have a job in retail. If I got another one will I have to tell either of my managers that I have a second job?
What kind of % of income spent on rent is a sensible number these days?
Award presented to children's TV icon, Matthew Corbett.
Heterosexual couple lose civil partnership court challenge
Twenty years after the protests, what is the legacy of the Newbury bypass? | It was the anti-road demonstration that gave birth to a generation of eco-warriors. Those who were there in 1996 tell how the standoff changed the physical and political landscape
Let's go back to the drawing board to into ice our NHS
Inside the mind of Raoul Moat
Murder capital of the country revealed - but where is your town?
New doubts raised over ban on Chagos islanders’ return | Documents released under FoI act reveal that Foreign Office ordered review of study that made positive case for allowing Chagossians to return to homeland
Refugee jailed after death threats to 'TOO ENGLISH' wife who refused to obey him
Time to end the special favours shown to faith schools
Labour MP Jack Dromey wants to ban Donald Trump from the UK - but beyond that he’s pretty chill about who gets let in
Problem drinkers account for most of alcohol industry's sales, figures reveal
How a landfill site works
Britain First no longer like Christians
Coventry Police enter unlocked homes and tweet photos
3 charts that show being Muslim has nothing to do with how 'British' you feel
'No safe level' booze guidelines? Nonsense, thunder stats profs
Depraved paedophile gets 19 years in prison
BT's £12.5bn EE takeover cleared by regulator
S*x Dаting Free Bаse. Free ассess аvаilаble 2 hоurs. Hurry up!
Was there a communist witch-hunt at the BBC?
The Seven Stages of Establishment Backlash: Corbyn/Sanders Edition
Government urged to seize back control of Birmingham Prison
2015 smashes record for hottest year, final figures confirm
David Bowie dies after 18 month battle with cancer
Tommy Robinson denied and then admitted to this hilarious tweet about Pegida and the EDL
VIDEO: Man strips naked during immigration protest outside Croydon Home Office building
Tyson Fury told to avoid controversial non-boxing comments
British Scientists Have Figured Out Where The Stonehenge Rocks Are Really From
Anyone Know Where These Are?
Labour's McKinnell quits shadow cabinet
No.1 Thesis Writing Services in UK by London's Expert Writers
Lancashire police criticise BBC over 'terrorist house' story, claim that journalists deliberately misrepresented details
Raining in Pembrokeshire village, Eglwyswrw, for 81 days
Hatton Garden jewellery heist: Three guilty over £14m burglary - BBC News
EA issue warning for North East
"Northern Powerhouse" dept to close Sheffield office and move 247 jobs to London
US Twitter vs UK Twitter
The band Squeeze dissing Cameron to his face on Marr
'We've not got wet': York's rescue boats left idle during floods crisis
BA blames UK government for scrapping of £340m green fuels project - groundbreaking plan to turn London’s rubbish into green jet fuel has been abandoned due to a lack of UK government support, airline says
Anunturi Londra
Portree High School pupils' bus damaged as police and migrants clash at Calais
Activists crowdfund court costs for UK coal mine shutdown | Eight members of “Matt Ridley’s Conscience”, a group named after the Conservative peer and climate sceptic columnist who owns the land, owe £9,000 (US$13,000) between them.
Privatising Channel 4 would be a disaster for risk-taking programmes
UK health agency approves first e-cig for clinical use
Daniel O'Donnell superfan, 18, says Plymouth tour snub has 'ruined his life'
Should the UK introduce a Universal Basic Income?
Thief who stole Bill Bailey's tour bus is jailed for two years
Being Labelled a Cheerleader for Islamic Zealots Is No Joke
The Truth About Poverty In Britain Is Much Worse Than You Think
My Recap of 2015 - Russell Brand, Charlie Hebdo, No Platforming &amp; More
David Cameron: parents should be taught how to control children
Hi /r/unitedkingdom! I made a video explaining how the Island of Britain became Great Britain, would love any kind of feedback!
TV show about murder
The Falkland Islands, whats the deal?
Unidays code please
Advice on Getting Back in Touch with Grandparents
I am desperate, can you help me, i need your 3 mins.
Probleme with shipping with royalmail
Anybody else got Virgin Media issues today?
Wanker Wednesday
Is there any way to access passport photos on the internet or such?
The average temperature in December 2015 in England was warmer than November by 0.2c
What the buggering sausage casings was that Sherlock about?
Wheelchair users banned from entering Macclesfield shopping centre
Nearly 100,000 non-EU students STAYING in Britain after their studies
Home Office misspells 'language' in English test statement
Beached Skegness sperm whale 'explodes' during post-mortem
Pyjama-banning head Kate Chisholm: parents have called me an "over-paid prostitute"
Land Rover Defender to cease production
Andrew Marr tries to tell a joke about Donald Trump
Judge allowed to sit on sharia court set up by Hebdo protest cleric
BBC Radio 4 - The Report, Litvinenko: The Miniature Nuclear Attack
Tesco knowingly delayed payments to suppliers in order to improve its own financial position, the supermarket ombudsman has found.
The price of reaching a child's RDA of sugar by supermarket fizzy drink
Government ordered embassies to lobby for Coe's election as IAAF chief
Lost in the Peak District? Don't worry, the signs there are extremely helpful!
'Crucifixion' pervert facing jail after tying 11-year-old girl to bunk bed
Wheelers of Whitstable: Britain’s best oyster bar
Bin lorry driver prosecution refused
Richard Walton allowed to retire to escape spying probe on Lawrence
Wholesale energy prices at five-year low, says latest report
Snow to cover western Scotland to London as temperatures plunge to -10C tonight
Calls for dementia tracker bracelets
UK Prime Minister's Questions - 13th January 2016
CCTV video shows a woman attempting to stab a 15-year-old boy on London bus
BBC Question Time's 'right-wing' panel sparks anger from viewers and Labour MPs
Artist &amp; Empire: Facing Britain’s Imperial Past at Tate Britain
[FIXED - please redo!] /r/ukpolitics and /r/unitedkingdom policies survey (23 Qs, ~2 mins)
Tory policy chief Oliver Letwin wrote a 'blueprint' for NHS privatisation
NHS Bursary - Hansard Online (House of Commons debate over NHS bursaries for student nurses)
FYI- tomorrow's Lotto jackpot is the highest ever - £50m. Who's in it to win it?
Blue Inc to axe hundreds of jobs and close stores in restructuring
Competition watchdog to rubberstamp BT gobble of EE
Teenager fined for making up race attack claim after Paris terror strikes
I wouldn’t have an OBE unless they gave me one | Stewart Lee
Top Tory refused to take the times tables quiz she's forcing on 11-year-olds
Simon Danczuk: Suspended Labour MP says he has a 'drink problem' and that 'younger women are his Achilles heel’
Timelapse video shows Christmas bridge replacement (From Swindon Advertiser)
Jordan Taylor trial: Laura Davies 'stabbed by ex-boyfriend'
UK: Offshore strike avoided as contractors accept improved conditions
Netflix to stop you watching out-of-region content
Inside Britain's Israel Lobby
Bring on the tempest: Britain’s interlocking political dramas may be just what the country needs
Barman fears he will NEVER have sex again after rude Henry the Hoover tattoo is too painful to remove
A-level music to include female composers
YouGov | Most people now expect a global financial crisis this year
Syrian refugees pay it forward by filling sandbags in flooded northern Britain
Have you Joined the Food Sharing Revolution?
Obituary: David Bowie
​UN experts warn of 'chilling effect' on freedoms over UK surveillance bill
Mother pays for homeless couple to stay in hotel for Christmas – they trash the room
I received a letter from the bank today saying I had paid interest on my overdraft. News to me and turns out I've been doing so for years. Is there anything I can do?
PSA: Just because Junior Doctors are striking today doesn't mean that care isn't available. Emergency doctors are not striking and consultants will be covering the Junior Doctors that are out. If you or someone you know needs to go to the hospital do not be afraid to go. You will be cared for.
Remember the Nuclear Deal the UK struck with China? Here's what we weren't told.
Car insurance question. I have a full license, is it legal for me to drive another person's car with the owner in the passenger seat?
does anyone know of a way to view letters from the public to politicians?
Where's a good place to buy holiday clothes at this time of year?
Kellogg's Personalised Spoon
The It's snowing!!!! Thread
Some idiot tried to mug me yesterday!
Big Fat Quiz of Everything
The Cardiff Taxi revolution
A new deal on drugs is as vital as a climate change accord | Nick Clegg and Bohuslav Sobotka
British anon does porn (nsfw)
Can I park here on a Sunday. Confusing sign
Minority Report - Lack of BAME in UK Television
Hand transplants to be carried out on NHS in England
Increasing use of limited companies to side-step cull of buy-to-let tax relief
And the winners are... Rotten Boroughs Awards 2015 - Private Eye
Donald Trump thanks UK supporters for 'sticking up for him' after being called a foolish ‘wazzock’ in Parliament debate
Poppi Worthington death: Father abused toddler before death
European Court of Human Rights accuses press of 'misinformed media storm' over email spying story
London’s Black Cabs Turn To Crowdfunding To Fight Uber - They want to go to court.
Buy stuff online in the UK? Cashback sites are a no brainer...
Learner driver with 51 points on licence still allowed on road
British public against 10 year prison terms for online piracy
My ex - whore, nickname: AmazonGirl44 *Search can be registered [unitedkingdom]
Cameron to shutdown human rights cases against the British army
West Yorkshire National Front member and Neo Nazi Chris Hale exposed
Man 'had 38 phones in trousers' at Libertines concert in Birmingham
Taxpayers ‘left to foot bill for DWP’s assessment failures’ as costs set to double
Britain's top stroke doctors accuse Jeremy Hunt of 'misrepresenting statistics' to justify his 7-day NHS
I’m a Celebrity's live spider eating cleared despite nearly 1,500 complaints
PMQs Corbyn vs Cameron on Google
The chief suspect in the latest propaganda video by so-called Islamic State (IS) is thought to be British man Siddhartha Dhar, the BBC understands.
Typical British things? What things do British people like to do? (animated video!)
Councillor buries his cat in the garden, cat comes into the kitchen a few hours later
York man banned from having sex unless he gives police 24 hours' notice
Vinyl Wall Art, Decals &amp; Tattoos | Wall Stickers | Wallderful
MPs to debate whether England should stop singing God Save The Queen
The World Is Descending into Hell—Only Defeating the British Empire Will Save It
DDoS Attack on BBC Website!
Moving tributes as Dinas Cross journalist and musician Adam Barrah, 36, loses battle with cancer
Girl, nine, has iPhone-shaped scar for life after case leaks 'toxic' glitter onto her leg
The partner of an EastEnders actress who was murdered alongside her two young sons has been arrested in Ghana.
Playing to the crowd: An example of poor economics journalism
Frankie Boyle: 'I loved the idea of David Bowie as an artist'
MPs to debate calls to ban Donald Trump [date of debate announced as 18/01/2016]
Stephen Fry welcomes you to Heathrow Airport
GP dismissed student’s suicidal thoughts because of clean clothes
Dental care in England 'Third World'
Majority of Brits back free movement in EU
BBC admit intentionally damaging Corbyn leadership with contrived live resignation
E-cigarette may become available on NHS
Islamic State video 'shows killing of five men it says spied for UK'
Jeremy Corbyn's Twitter appears to have been hacked
BNP removed from official list of political parties
Tommy Robinson's Pegida UK group to be kept OUT of Birmingham city centre
MP Danczuk denies rape allegation - BBC News
What do you call these?
2 ill kids urgently need help in Uganda / Heart surgery.
Netflix is Now Blocking Proxies, UK Users Will No Longer Be Able to US Shows
Britain's Trillion Pound Island - Inside Cayman (Jacques Peretti doc)
How is the exhibition "Germany - memories of a nation" in the British museum received?
If Donald Trump does not get banned why are Louis Farrakhan and Buju Banton banned?
BNP removed from official register of UK political partie
Veteran comic actor Leslie Nielsen, star of Airplane! and The Naked Gun, has died at the age of 84.
Lottery winners demand benefits again after spending £50k in eight months
Binmen in the morning. What time is acceptable to have the wagon hiss, clang, bang, and bosh? 07:30 too early?
The Government is now planning to axe maintenance loans without a debate, what is this country coming to?
Daily Telegraph Installs Workplace Monitors On Journalists' Desks
David Cameron plans parenting classes for all families to help 'improve behaviour and discipline' sparking fresh fears over 'nanny state' meddling
PSA: Just because Junior Doctors are striking today doesn't mean that care isn't available. Emergency doctors are not striking and consultants will be covering the Junior Doctors that are out. If you or someone you know needs to go to the hospital do not be afraid to go. You will be cared for.
Told by the police to 'stop and account' for myself for taking photographs at Paddington station
Don't bend over Pippa!
Love watching the fireworks on the Eye. .
I don’t know where my life is going.
The Junior Doctor Debacle
The doctor's strike is doomed to failure
What is your revision strategy for university exams ?
The very last Land Rover Defender will roll down the factory line today
Blood scandal: Government proposes more money for victims
Tormented the hidden morsel
UCL students strike over 'soaring' accommodation costs and withhold £250,000 from university management
Labour peers aim to retain income-related child poverty targets
Mum found hanged near letter to Cameron after being hounded for Bedroom Tax
The Bottom Line: The Northern Powerhouse (BBC Radio 4)
NHS 111 'missed chances to save sepsis baby William Mead'
RIP former cabinet minister Cecil Parkinson: The only promise he ever kept - never to see his daughter (originally published 2002)
Dizzee Rascal Absolutely Smashes the 5 Fingers of Death on Sway in the Morning
"Strip Southeastern of Franchise" - Shadow Chancellor
PM Under Fire For 'Bunch Of Migrants' Jibe
Bomb threats spark evacuations at 14 schools across London, Cornwall and West Midlands
The fish and chips dilemma: can our national dish be both sustainable and British? When it comes to a traditional battered cod and chips, is there no such thing as a good catch?
The Case for Ending London's Monopoly on Britain - Huffington Post - 22nd January 2016
The Bible: The long journey into British life
UKIP Dump Anne Marie Waters
The OG Donald Trump
Burglars steal £15k in £1 coins 'stored in whisky bottles'
US, Europe and Japan together suck up 80% of the world’s natural resources.
Braintree mum Dawn Amos, 67, of Masefield Road, Braintree, told she's too healthy for sick benefits by Department for Work and Pensions on the day she dies
By the end of today, the average FTSE 100 CEO will have made more than the average UK employee earns all year
Suffolk Constabulary: Man sentenced for brutal attack of elderly man
European Court rules bosses to monitor employees' private messages on WhatsApp and other messaging services | Business | News
Call for urgent security review of how Paris attacks ringleader got ferry to UK
Tory press office: "Appointment of Emily Thornberry as Shadow Defence Secretary confirms Labour is a threat to our national security"
Cineworld is not screening Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight in the UK.
Germany shocked by Cologne New Year gang assaults on women by men of Arab &amp; North African appearance.
Kevan Jones stands down as shadow defence minister, saying he disagrees with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on scrapping Trident
Tory MP Chris Grayling once stole a puppet from the TV show Wizadora and wrote a ransom note in cut-out newspaper clipping
DWP fit-to-work assessments cost more money than they save, report reveals
Media Lens - ‘Our Only Fear Was That He Might Pull His Punches’
The left must not fear the Beckett report. It will help Labour regain power | Owen Jones
Nearly 50,000 back campaign for the north of England to join Scotland
Rail franchises are monopolies that need scrapping
Margaret Thatcher’s government tried to prevent Nelson Mandela being honoured by British university, documents reveal
Two people arrested over Brighton hit and run
The benefits of "Patient Choice" at Walsall Hospital
Why Britain Sucks At Product Placement
Can NHS cover our dental treatment adequately?
"The UK government made a great deal of ‘journalist protections’ in the [Investigative Powers] draft bill. I spent considerable time looking for them in the 300-page document. There aren’t any."
Grieving family's horror as pornographic video played at funeral for father and baby son
How to order from Amazon.de and ship it to the UK?
The hard-headed case for the UK to stay in the EU
BBC - Robot Wars rebooted for BBC Two
It's fucking disgraceful how many homeless people there are now, and I want to know a few things.
I sometimes wonder if air-dropping millions of spliffs over the world's flashpoints would defuse tensions. Middle east, North Korea, Ukraine?
Anyone else having trouble with Vodafone - their 191 number says they can't answer the phone because of an emergency.
I am a 20 year old apprentice, and have some questions about pensions
Travel budget advice-northern uk
Quick query about switching Internet Providers (BT Infinity to Sky)
Anyone else on BT Infinity 2 been experiencing issues past few days?
Royal Mail are a joke.
Universal Credit and the Work Programme
The 'I didn't win the lotto' thread.
Couple stole mirrors from toilets at Sunderland’s Sambuca restaurant – because they were unhappy with the service.
Britain is doing good work for refugees in the camps - but it needs to do more for the ones who reach Europe
Explorer Henry Worsley dies after suffering exhaustion and dehydration during solo Antarctic crossing attempt
I have a fun test for you all! Plus it helps me complete my undergrad dissertation...
Government moves to ban organisations from exposing law-breaking schools unfairly restricting access to children and parents
Sky News Reporter Gerard Tubb 'Banned' From Speaking To Muslim Women At David Cameron Event
I live in a 'terrorist house': police speak to Muslim boy, 10, over spelling error. Teachers report primary school student to authorities after he mistakenly writes about ‘terrorist house’ instead of ‘terraced house’ in class.
Civil partnerships for straight couples? Let's just reform marriage completely.
MPs could be banned from drinking at work due to Islamic regulation
Helen Joyce Wogan Sir Terry Wogan’s Wife
Homeowners living in flood-hit areas face higher council tax bills - £15 a year tax hike to pay for new defences, minister warn
Peer 2 Peer Financing Reviews
Just a reminder that Jeremy Hunt co-authored this book.
Only one in five of young Britons say they are 'very proud' of being British
My sister died because we couldn’t afford a doctor. Then the NHS changed everything | Harry Leslie Smith
Woman groped by Jimmy Savile live on air hits out at abuse review
Google agrees to pay HMRC £130m in back taxes
Ex-soldier cleared of smuggling girl, 4, to UK from Calais refugee camp
Queen Elizabeth II Documentary 2016 - Life Of Queen Elizabeth II Documentary 2016
Two people in UK hospital after being diagnosed with swine flu
Luke Loy had a life, until his benefits started falling away
BT reveals 300Mbps G.fast trial routers, some with “reverse power”
From /r/Ireland
One in four private tenants have been kicked out of their home by a landlord for no reason
English DNA 'one-third' Anglo-Saxon
Call for more females in the curriculum
Semi Precious Stone To Decorate Your Home And Office
In the Interest of Transparency, again [cross post /r/ireland]
Manchester new years eve photo being turned into hilarious art work
Farage wants mass protest against... statement.
Supermarkets cut diesel price to below £1 a litre
EE and O2 hit by network problems
How to recover faster from training?
Ascension Island to become marine reserve - The government is to create a marine reserve almost as big as the UK in the Atlantic waters of Ascension Island
George Osborne’s ‘cocktail of threats’ will leave us with a hangover | John McDonnell
Government launches review of poppers law after outcry over ban
Prime Minister's Question Time
What the UNITED STATES thinks of EUROPE
If the uk went onto a basic income of £1,500 PP.PA. would you still work and what are your views on this idea?
EU offering UK 'emergency brake'on migrant benefits
Another reason to leave the EU
Preston Fishergate 'explosive device': Man remanded
What is Australia doing right that the UK isn't? What makes it seem more successful?
Irish Actress Kate Winslet Wins Golden Globe
Major League Baseball aims to play first regular-season games in London in 2017
Police protect Great British Bake Off champ Nadiya Hussain over 'anti Islam' abuse
Brutal mass gang attack on father-of-two caught on CCTV
I was trying to call my home, instead ended up unintentionally hacking other calls...
American working in England is suing his colleagues for “too much banter”
A REVOLUTION IN ACOUSTIC FLOORING
What is your opinion on restaurants and take aways becoming halal?
Would anybody be interested in helping the Richie Allen radio show?
Apparently companies like the AA can get instant access to your phone's geographic location in the event of a break down. What ?
Do you think the ban on alcoholic drinks/beer 'in sight of the pitch' during football matches should be overturned?
Thought for today: as of today it is now legal (in the UK) to bonk someone who was born in the year 2000.
The r/UK random discussion thread, Friday 8th January 2016
Phone carriers...?
UK is 'vulnerable' to next Ebola outbreak
London's first driverless cars revealed
UK property Investment reaches record levels
Share your thoughts with the House of Commons Treasury Select Committee on UK tax policy and the tax base
How does NHS spending compare with health spending internationally?
Savile debacle is the clear consequence of a BBC under siege
William Hague: Western voters are very angry - and extremists are one crisis away from power
The evidence suggests I was completely wrong about tuition fees
Donald Trump ban debated in UK Parliament
Met ends Kids Company abuse inquiry
One honest answer about how you find my English at my Vlog. Is it really sucks?
British helicopter pilot shot dead by Tanzania poachers
Shocking video of Sussex hit-and-run (warning: graphic content). Police appeal for help
Photographing the awkward british teenagers
SNP's Dr Philippa Whitford moonlights as £500-a-day NHS surgeon
Family of murdered girl told by Thai officials to 'go home and make another one' if they were so upset about her death.
Corbyn: UK could keep Trident submarines but without warheads
Regional school results gap 'widening' - Where children grow up in England is more likely to determine success or failure at school than in previous generations, a study suggests.
Snoopers' Charter: Theresa May accused of encryption double talk
13 year old Bradford boy explains how he saved two children from a "hoverboard" fire.
"Jeremy Corbyn has written to the PM about his "dismissive" language at #PMQs where he referred to people in Calais as "a bunch of migrants""
Enjoy The Adventurous Spots In Dubai And Have A Wonderful Experience
Immigration: 576% rise in poorest Europeans registering for work
Argentina's president: 'I will try to start a new kind of relationship' with the UK
"Why don't Muslims do anything to counter extremists?"
Britons held in Spain after UK man's death
SNP MP launches campaign against tax credit 'rape clause'
The Queen ageing through money
A message from the President of Argentina to the UK
Grieving couple left with £1,000 funeral bill for their newborn baby after DWP blunder
Private messages at work can be read by employers, says court
If Jeremy Hunt wants to blame someone for today's strike, he should look in the mirror
BBC Radio4 - Hidden Histories of the Information Age, Enfield Exchange "Alex Krotoski reveals how telephone exchanges changed young women's working lives"
And people sometimes ask what makes Britain great?
Labour calls for renationalisation after 'staggering' rail fare rises
BNP removed from official register of UK political parties for failing to submit form
Class war! Protesters try to bar Damian Lewis from state school event... because he went to Eton
Ofsted threatens to penalise schools where Muslim veil is worn
#DrummondPuddleWatch - live periscope of people trying to cross a huge puddle.
Police 'used terror powers to spy on officers blowing whistle on racism'
Top judge says justice system is now unaffordable to most
Saudi arms sales are in breach of international law, Britain is told
How feminists and a Police Commissioner’s Office conspired against male victims of domestic violence on Twitter
London takes just one week to breach annual air pollution limits
BNP removed from official list of political parties.
Free speech is so last century. Today’s undergraduates demand the ‘right to be comfortable’
BUSINESS | LIFE CHANGING SYSTEM
Department of Health adviser 'gagged' in Sky interview on junior doctors' strike
English teenagers 'are most illiterate in the developed world', report reveals
The 'Jihad Jack' story, the first white British male to convert to ISIS..... was a frape gone wrong.
Google agrees to pay HMRC £130m in back taxes
Housing Disrepair and Rent Arrears | Arkas Law
Marks and Spencer luxury biscuit 'is custard cream in disguise'
BBC: We demand Producer of Daily politics along with Andrew Neil/Laura Kuenssberg be sacked
The junior doctors strike - who's lying?
Sun columnist Kelvin MacKenzie says white people shouldn't be searched at airports because terrorists will be 'Muslims from Middle East or Africa'
FREE code to graze.com and hellofresh.co.uk
Moving to the UK
Did the British colonial slaves get given a free Visa?
Terry Wogan Dies
If the uk went onto a basic income of £1,500 PP.PM. would you still work and what are your views on this idea? Help a "special" guy understand.
What is your zombie survival plan?
Looking to change careers to programming/web dev. Anyone had any experience with Makers Academy?
Open Rights Group Campaign against Mass Surveillance in the UK | Indiegogo
Working in the UK
Aside from the issue of whether you support the strike or not, is it possible for Jeremy Hunt to stay as Health Secretary after this?
Jeremy Clarkson claims trans children have ‘minds poisoned by lunatic parents’ · PinkNews
Why does our government have such a fixation about providing a 7 day elective (non emergency) NHS?
'I'm sorry, my drinks had been spiked' says woman at centre of storm over racist rant on tram
Charlie’s Chocolate Adventure at Half Term, Leeds Castle
'Missing' Norfolk UKIP councillor was in meetings, police discover
A Maoist cult leader who committed a string of sex assaults and kept his daughter captive in London for three decades has been jailed for 23 years. Aravindan Balakrishnan, 75, of Enfield, called himself Comrade Bala and brainwashed his cult into thinking he had god-like powers.
Isambard Kingdom Brunel was star pupil, says 1821 school report - BBC News
'Be quiet! It's not about you!' Watch brutal slapdown of top Tory in Parliament
British woman Tareena Shakil guilty of joining IS
Jimmy Savile report leak reveals scathing criticism of BBC
Closed Recruitment Practices in the Public Sector – Open Consultation
F-35 Fighter jets headed to UK air shows this summer
From forts to factories: Unusual homes under the hammer
Steven Moffat quits Doctor Who to be replaced by Chris Chibnall in 2018
Sun faces phone-hacking claims from five high court claimants
Man pays £6,000 per year to sit in cleaning cupboard (like a mop), every year for 17 years
Damian Lewis denounced as 'too privileged' for school ceremony
Pay in Scotland overtakes England for the first time
This UKIP Peer Is Worried He'll Be Arrested If He Reads The Bible In Public
Attitudes to migrants, Raheem Kassam vs Giles Fraser
'The UK Does Not Undertake Mass Surveillance,' Says UK Home Secretary
Friends Reunited website to close down
Two year old does two year old thing
Baseball Coming To London 2017!
Salford man arrested over suspected trafficking operation bringing 20 migrants a night into UK
Someone walked away from this crash this morning. Their £50,000 BMW on the other hand....
CBB's Winston McKenzie: "Channel 5 set me up"
Looking Back on 30 Years of Subculture in the UK
Tom Crawford eviction: House 'occupation' charges dropped
Welcome 2016 Comedy Show at Folkestone Comedy Club
Come Dine With Me: Unbelievable scenes as world's sorest loser comes last
Man orders Kindle and receives 'tumour sample' in courier mix-up
Theresa May refuses to say whether UK spies access medical data
Monkey selfie: Photographer 'relieved' over court ruling
The new BT Phonebook. Wait a sec... Is that...
Student lawyers volunteering at a law centre in Bristol have claimed a remarkable 96% success rate in overturning decisions by the DWP on people it deemed "fit for work". The students, working pro bono, represent claimants challenging the DWP's ruling they are able to take up paid work.
Tesco knowingly delayed payments to suppliers
Will the new visa changes affect my ability to become a permanent resident via ancestry?
I love and post a great deal on Fortnum &amp; Mason items and will be in London next week, any recommendations on what to try and review?
Female teacher spent night in hotel room with Year 11 schoolboy after prom
Knuckle-duster attack left man, 89, with horrific injuries
Phone Hackers: Britain's Secret Surveillance
Homeless tomorrow, 21 yesterday :(
TIL: Labour set up the Jenkins Commission in 1997 which reviewed more proportional options for the UK. The report recommended AV+ and rejected STV among others, though was never implemented.
A super easy way how to make 1$ if you're in the UK own an android device
I'm begging you Reddit UK
Imgur very slow on plusnet?
What is university like, in terms of meeting girls?
The r/UK random discussion thread 22-01-2016
Sister lied about her age to get a phone contract
[X-post /r/LegalAdviceUK] Landlord trying to claim deposit money for overnight guest
Any advice for Department Manager Training Assessment/Interview (Retail)?
People of Britain, what is your favourite underrated drink and why?
Wait just one second. When the hell did Sugar Puffs change their name to Honey Monster Puffs?
Anyone with an Irish Grandparent applied for an Irish passport before?
[BBC] Donald Trump debate: Ban risks making tycoon a 'martyr'
Iain Duncan Smith to go it alone in campaign to leave EU
Passenger satisfaction with East Coast railways falls from record levels immediately after privatisation | UK Politics | News
BBC graphic - in American snow storm, can you still see your dog?
BBC: Is the UK really in Scandinavia?
The mystery of Flight AA109: Passengers and crew falling like flies, an official testing the air before paramedics were allowed on and luggage confiscated for analysis.
Why the migration fiasco spells doom for Project Europe: The influx of migrants has exposed the anti-democratic bias and the administrative uselessness of the EU
UK to deploy 1,000 troops to Poland amid growing Russian influence
Sir Jeremy Heywood: The most potent, permanent and elusive figure in British politics
David Cameron branded a c*** on his favourite TV show
The story behind the collapse of one of the biggest NHS contracts ever put out to tender (BBC Radio 4)
Great picture of Obama meetting our new ambassador
£33m lottery ticket 'washed in jeans'
Homeless pair reveal shock at being doused with icy water outside Castle Mall in Norwich
David Lammy: In WW2 "a million Indians died fighting for us. They fought for the European Project"
Junior doctors' strike: Treatments postponed amid walkout
Nessie's underwater hideaway 'found at bottom of Loch Ness'
Investors rush for UK buy-to-let homes ahead of tax hike
Popular exams in UK to be rescheduled to avoid Ramadan
Shami Chakrabarti steps down as Liberty director after 12 years
Either the people that rule us secretly want mass immigration or the people that rule us have lost control. Which is it?
More Luton news..
David Bowie’s strange politics
Three guilty over Hatton Garden heist
Britain’s missile-carrying war submarines run on Windows XP
BBC Two - Victoria Derbyshire, 14/01/2016, 'I was stripped and assaulted in Paris attack'
Is this how we look when we're drunk?
Survey reveals Brits now in favour of internet surveillance following recent terror attacks
Evan Davies introduces 'Hilary Big Ben' in Newsnight
Clinton Presidential Records Mandatory Declassification Review [Clinton + Blair Phone Conversations Released, 1997 - 2000) [PDF]
All About Dubai And The Upcoming Events - Welcome To iDubai Visa
Teenage thug caused chaos in Tesco
Student nurses and midwives protest over grants cut
Labour could stop cooperating on parlimentery business with the Tories in protest at party funding cuts
Fantastic street singer from July 2015
Computers and health: 'When you're sitting, you're one step above being dead'
Tim Peake's message to Her Majesty The Queen
Wales just delivered a blistering defeat to Cameron and he's trying to pretend it didn't happen
NFL plans permanent UK-based franchise 'in six years'
David Bowie returns home
The Importance of providing access in housing disrepair claims
David Cameron is worried his children will struggle to get on the property ladder - Cameron owns 2 homes and he and wife Samantha's combined wealth is estimated at £30m.
Why is the story about Volvo stating that Farage's car hadn't been recalled being removed?
I guess it's never too early for Easter
PSA - David Attenborough AMA now live
British Dudes Take A Yearly Trip To A Different American College Town, Bang Every Girl In Sight
Is Sharpe (tv show with Sean Bean) any good?
Maintenance grants
Having trouble with uni
Does anyone else think ticket touts are getting out of hand?
Is nhs free for those with no job?
Barry Scott has a confession to make...
BBC announce 2016 Shakespeare Festival
Three defends mobile tariff 'price hike'
Ten things Nottingham gave to the world.
London's black-cab drivers: 'Four cabbies pay more tax than Uber'
Pacific Ocean Rowers: Coxless Crew reach Australia
Rail system booming despite prophecies of decline
Last Thursday, two protesters were found not guilty of violent disorder and actual bodily harm against police officers. As a result of the acquittal, the CCTV footage of the event can now be released, and it tells a remarkably different story to what was presented as evidence against the two men.
Will George Osborne's Political Career Survive A UK Economic Downturn?
HSBC scammed £1billion from British high-street shoppers, the media blackout continues
Great Western Railway electrification up to 'four years late'
Britain is at war with Yemen. So why does nobody know about it?
Jeremy Corbyn: All Calais migrants who want to come to Britain should be allowed entry
Civilians to help police investigate cybercrimes, says Theresa May
Britain On Film: find film clips by location
UKIP Supporters advocate raping Diane Abbott
UK breaks box office record in 2015 as takings go up 17% to £1.24bn
British Empire: Students should be taught colonialism ‘not all good’, say historians
Australia politician sorry for gay UK widower 'disrespect'
Snow sweeps across parts of the UK
Forecasters warn temperatures will plummet to minus FIFTEEN this weekend
European human rights court rules mass surveillance illegal - Decision may kill off UK government spying law
The Guardian considers abandoning multimillion-pound events shed amid cost cuts
Another EDL anti-refugee banner strapped to Peaks Parkway bridge
ESSEX WEATHER ALERT: Record levels of snow forecast for next week
Artist is given £15,000... to stay in Glasgow: Academic handed money after convincing council that staying in the city for a year would be a performance piece
Kevin Freshwater, Public Noisance
Black pudding praised as a 'superfood' alongside seaweed and kohlrabi
Ridgeline Fascia Replacement – The Roofing Repair Disaster Experts
Darlington head teacher tells parents to 'wash and get dressed'
UK Iraq veterans 'may face prosecution'
Ministers arrived to meet flooded locals on wrong side of collapsed bridge
Lotto Misfortune...
Watch the moment armed police detain suspect at scene of Liverpool bomb scare
Universities catch almost 50,000 student cheats
