Scammer calling and leaving message with 613 area code
Has anybody failed a course twice at UBC
What are you doing to get ahead in Vancouver?
Is there an official rating site for doctors/dentists etc?
Best/Cheapest place to learn MMA?
Vancouver - Friday's Question - ”What is your Zodiac sign? How do you think it best represents you, and what do you think it got wrong?”
Just bought a condo by Oakridge, wondering some of the best places for locals to shop?
[FOR ADVICE] Getting into a Post Production role in Canada
Are there any good photography schools in Vancouver?
Quitting without notice in BC
Any restaurants in the area that serve guinea pig as a food item?
Anybody selling dumbbells?
Have any of you actually recovered your stolen stuff from Hastings street?
What would happen to YVR in the event of a major earthquake?
Province commits $10 million for B.C. ground search and rescue (sounds a lot, but volunteer SAR folk save the province at least 5 million a year)
Accident Vancouver at intersection of Bute and Georgia. January 25th 2016
Guy in white shirt under the red umbrella..Is your camera okay?
‘I want an investigation’: tourists identified by VPD speak out
Forgotten Bridge
Slow earthquake occurring under Van. Island since 21 December
“Something deeply worrying about the recent response by Canada’s new prime minister to Vancouver’s housing affordability crisis” (Ian Young, SCMP)
Clipper vacations plans to launch new Victoria-Vancouver passenger ferry route this spring
CKNW on Twitter: "#Breaking @VancouverPD say 3 men taking pictures at Pacific Centre Mall identified, logical explanation, actions completely innocent."
Tech leaders write open letter demanding the BC govt to embrace ridesharing
Household debt in B.C. has reached record levels. Here's what the experts say we can—and must—do about it
Just found out that Vancouver is going to have its own comedy festival next month
So what shoddy tv production is blasting the false creek area at light at 4AM in the morning?
Political Correctness is ruining Vancouver
Have you seen my quadcopter? [Jones Park]
Ex-Canuck Murray Baron proud to be included in B.C. Hockey Hall of Fame
Vancouver loses to Kimberley in pot shop licence race - See more at: http://www.vancourier.com/news/vancouver-loses-to-kimberley-in-pot-shop-licence-race-1.2155243#sthash.L9aHlCrW.dpuf
Where to watch Hateful 8 in 70mm?
Grandeville bridge blocked off by police
I just moved to Vancouver and I need to rant about a few things ...
What would you do when bumping into a drunk old lady who was trying to find her way home but refused to get help from the police?
Anybody want some stories and inspiration?
Engine/Tranny recycling in Vancouver?
Looking to buy a used car, how to know if craigslist ad is trustworthy?
Kitten Neutering/Spaying - why is it so expensive?
Bill Burr in Vancouver
Being a Game Programmer in Vancouver.
where to find hemp seeds?
Where to buy (bigger) mens clothing in Van?
Anyone know where to get a good deal on a used nice-ish washer?
Police blocking royal oak and rumble, what happen?
Any female beginner weightlifters who want to train with me or more experienced women who can coach?
What's the protocol for broken glass? Can you take it to a recycling ctr?
Evidence that condos are sitting empty?
I need a new doctor (GP)
RTB-related question: Amending/canceling a counter dispute file. Seeking some advice.
My windows have been boarded up for months. Do I have a case for lower rent?
Hey Vancouver, what is your cable setup like?
Did's Pizza: Early '90s 'drunk-food' hot spot returns to Vancouver
Pranking bike thieves
Prosecution bill for Stanley Cup riot nearly $5 million
'It’s caused damage’: Call for apology after Vancouver terror scare
Vancouver School trustee presses for bigger buffer zone between pot shops and schools
Pedestrians struck, injured as car plows into Richmond café
'This isn't who we are': Trudeau condemns pepper-spraying of refugees
Woman killed in possible domestic dispute in North Vancouver! -VS
A fund to combat housing unaffordability in B.C.
B.C.’s Prosecution Service – Report on the 2011 Vancouver Stanley Cup Riot Prosecutions
B.C. Supreme Court rules against Northern Gateway over lack of First Nations consultation
Met some fellas (deer) on the Grouse Grind today
Another community newspaper closes... Soon Vancity Buzz will become our only source of BC news....
First city in Canada legalizes Uber (with restrictions and enforcements)
Meet the Abbotsford Sikh rapper taking aim at gang violence | News Talk 980 CKNW
It's spreading to the north shore :S
Frankie says: "Major Storm to Hit Vancouver British Columbia on Saturday January 16, 2016"
Arial photo of Sky Train Service Station
Nice places to go take pictures?
[QUESTION] High school student here, I have a question about applying for BCIT Burnaby
Need to renew my N license, can I do it before it expires?
MEC CAMPNIG web based app *Brand New* - survey
A business proposition for local software developers
ICBC Road test seems more like a test taking test. Or a joke i.m.o.
Apps to find restaurants?
What's weather like in Vancouver during the month of March?
Ride to whistler???
Night time viewpoints - Proposal
Best local mountain to see snow for the first time.
I developer (27M, London, UK) am heading to Vancouver in 4 - 7 May. Wanna chill with some cool entrepreneurs/startups to talk opportunities over coffee!
what is the best currywurst you had in van?
Does anyone have any experience renting with Mainstreet Equity Corp?
What's the giant shipping container besides the house on Clark between 10th and 12th?
Two alleged UN gang members charged with murder, conspiracy to kill the Bacon brothers
Darkest Dungeon developers find success in B.C.’s growing gaming industry
George Massey Tunnel Replacement: Provincial official says new 10-lane bridge will result in net increase in agricultural land
I feel that this applies to Vancouver. (NSFW cartoon)
Vancouver Police searching for 3 Middle Eastern men videotaping Pacific Centre Mall
Drink up, it's for the kids!
Possible shooting in New Westminster - RCMP have Walmart parking blocked off, and have police dogs on site
Sad and disgusting.
Criminal resume grows for B.C. gang associates convicted of drug charges
Anyone else going to VIWF?
Witness captures RCMP take down in Maple Ridge on video
The communist girl who assaulted DaryushV is Katie Nelson. Please help with more details about her. This is important for everyone
Visiting Vancouver
Garbage ppl are obsessed with only because it is unavailable in Vancouver Starter Pack
Thinking about moving in 2016 May/June, sell Vancouver to me!
Teksavvy Cable Modems
request to change name from /r/vancouver to /r/vancouverphotography
Hey Vancouver, could I get some feedback on my local cleaning website?
Compass Card rant
neighbourhood in Arbutus Ridge?
Best culinary school in vancouver?
Anywhere to catch a magic show in Van?
another wind mobile question
Should I feel lucky to have my job? Do you?
Ideas for Delbrook municipal land use in North Van
EXCLUSIVE: Witness captures RCMP takedown in Maple Ridge on video
SFU research project takes a hit following theft of cameras from Burnaby Mountain
Activists shut down Kinder Morgan offshore drill in Burrard Inlet
Vancouver ranks third most unaffordable housing market in world, worse than New York and London
So this is what my Compass card looks like now
Sorry, interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose did not call for pot’s legalization on Vancouver radio
Stephen Quinn: How to gloat gracefully about your B.C. home’s new value
Gundamhobby.ca Online Gundam / Anime Store in Canada
Dice Masters Dice Building Game Learning Event At Magic Stronghold Games
Young men needed to donate stem cells for North Vancouver volunteer. It takes only 2 minutes.
High-speed chase and shooting in Surrey ends with crash in Delta
Came across this amazing Vancouver video, thought some of you may like it.
Vancouver senior calls rising property assessment ‘rope on my neck’
Local high school students given opportunity to pursue journalism goals at CBC Vancouver
Limo fire on NYE near Richards and Nelson
Vancouver aims to reassert itself as a North American cycling leader
As Housing Prices Soar, Finance Minister Is Well Invested
SF Taxi Cab Company Goes Bankrupt Thanks To Uber &amp; Lyft: A sign of what's needed here.
Unethical POF User Experience Tactics.
Vancouver ranked third-least affordable city for buying a home
With the dollar so low, we may as well suggest the priciest restaurants to tourists.
Do r/Vancouver mods have a small penis?
Xbox Live 12 Month Cards For Sale!
Where can I be a server? I'm not 19 yet
Langley Surrey Vancouver Bidding Wars Facebook group cares more about censoring people than helping the community
Is Pho Hoang on Main Street open?
Damage deposit reclamation when only one tenant is moving?
Dine Out Vancouver 2016 with Yelp Rankings and Map - better search tools for your dining pleasure! - dineout2.0.brianquan.com
Vancouver - Wednesday's Question - ”What are some of your boring/worst dates you’ve been on?”
Which coast mountain has the best night skiing?
If China's economy goes bust, what does it mean for Vancouver?
Three Vancouver facts you may not know
Where do you go to get jewellery cleaned up?
Where can I buy crystal noodles in Vancouver?
Vancouver - Wednesday's Question - “What’s the most you’ve ever won?”
Anywhere to roll brazilian jiu jitsu in downtown? I've done some research.
B.C. aboriginal scholar wins bid for rights hearing after she’s denied tenure in part over lack of research
Watch secret surveillance of trail saboteur
A home movie of the Royal visit May 29th of King George and Queen Elizabth. This was taken at Kingsway and Marlborough in Burnaby. What makes it different from all the rest is that is mainly of the people gathering to great the King and Queen as they just drove down Kingsway to New Westminster
Aircare.ca redirects to translink.ca now. Wierd.
Lansdowne Centre to undergo major redevelopment
B.C. bonds prove popular with Chinese buyers
13 Signs You Undoubtedly Go To UBC
Korean ginseng liquor that doesn't cause hangovers - I'm intrigued. can we buy anything like this in Vancouver?
Syrian refugees confused, disappointed by pepper spray attack in Vancouver
Local mayor wants to see BC follow Ontario in capping parking rates at hospitals
Report: Vancouver Lost $8.8M In 2011 Stanley Cup Riots
January 2016 Events in Metro Vancouver
I'd like to bring my wife or for our anniversary tonight and want a nice place to eat where live jazz or piano is playing. Any suggestions?
Comedian Doug Stanhope discusses Vancouver with Joe Rogan on the JRE podcast yesterday
Went for a hike and shot a short film in our backyard (Squamish and Pemberton). Crazy how different the hikes are in the winter.
Who else couldn't get a cab home last night?
Hiking Norvan Falls
Victoria's indoor tent city opens doors to homeless campers Tuesday
Law Society appeals decision in TWU v. Law Society of BC
I'm travelling to Vancouver with my extended family over Chinese NewY Year. Are there any suggestions of things to do?
Google Map transit stop working for anyone?
I lived on the dtes for 5 years sucking dick for crack, i am a man, AMA
Can I charge service tax without having registration under service tax?
Space to use tools (for cheap, or free?) in Vancouver?
I rented my place for a week and the renter took the keys. What do I do?
Anyone know if the no frills at 310 west Broadway is open?
Looking for a camera - Canonet QL17 Giii
Language classes for refugees
Local Alterations Place/Tailor to put snaps on a jacket?
Future UBC student. Hopefully?
Anyone work in the food industry?
Possible LPT: A lost wallet, a Happy Vancouver story of life because it is truly like that!
When will the so called "big one" occur?
Looking for a good financial planner?
What is your favorite Beer at Brewery this month?
Favourite Open Mic Nights in Vancouver?
North Vancouver woman who pleaded guilty to setting up mountain bike traps sentenced in court
Spitting mad with behaviour at Richmond pool
Cheap cab ride? You must have missed Uber’s true cost.
Vancouver, not special: Teardown listed for $2.4M
Vancouver looking kinda like a Bob Ross painting
Rate me out of 10. I'm the guy who posted the nopants skytrain pic.
Kids at risk because drivers ignoring school bus lights
Do you know why the policed has cordoned off Howe St from Helmchen to Davie?
Vancity Buzz Boycott
BREAKING NEWS: Three men at Pacific Centre Mall identified
StatsCan hiring for 35,000 census jobs
Photos: Autumn mood in Vancouver parks
Plans for Mt Seymour to be lit up the morning of Canada Day 2016
A few of us decided to create a singles-event run like the 70's etc t.v show called the Dating Game.
Anyone Recognize this woman? She yelled racial slurs at me and hit my fiance and I with an umbrella
Nofuncity? Meet Morefuncity.
Identification request for 4 males, Vancouver BC
Bubble? What Bubble?
Vancouver Car Accident Caught on a BlackVue DR650GW-2CH Dashcam
Cheap Apartments in Vancouver or near it?
ScanBC continues to deliver Gold..
An open letter from members of BC's tech community to the provincial government
21 new Articulated buses coming soon to replaced oldest Artics in the fleet!
Is there anywhere in the city where you can get a proper Edmonton/Halifax style donair?
first year bcit marketing student looking for intern job
Anyone know a good place to buy a plastic life sized lobster?
A question on Japanese girl handshakes?
Money Laundering on Kingsway
Mounting cell phone in car?
Quiet "drink lounge" downtown?
How much does a good physiotherapist cost in Vancouver?
Buying a car in Vancouver while visiting?
Vancouver!! Unfortunately for many, it's Blue Monday. Are you affected by it or is it just another day for you?
Moving via Car Sharing
Downtown Brewpubs
Question for skiers/riders. I want to go to one of the 3 local mountains on Friday. Which one is my best bet if I'm concerned about weather?
Live in Surrey, whats the closest store I can go to buy US Powerball Lotto
East Hastings goes boom: Long-neglected strip shifting from industrial to residential
What's going on at Commercial and Broadway? I've heard a dozen emergency vehicles around there now.
Explore BC - Sea to Sky Gondola and Brandywine Falls (drone footage)
Missing the summer weather
BC Residential Tenancy Branch doubles rental dispute fees
They must be filming or something in False Creek. Whatever it is, it made for some neat photos.
Married 6 years, I'm tired of it... I do not want to have fun? [vancouver]
Plz listen to us lol
Stoked on seeing these guys again live at the Fox Cabaret next week! Local Vancouverites who put on a great show.
First date ideas during the morning to mid day?
I was threatened with serious assault on a commercial property. I'm having trouble dealing with the aftermath by myself. What are the resources that can help me?
Should First Nations Be Allowed to Use the N-Word?
To the Gyp-tech Warrior Who smashed my car window out DT.
Best site to find housing rentals?
Which downtown garage can I park in without a credit card?
First Date Ideas in Langley?
Canadian Citizen, hospital bill?
Real Estate Renos Do's or Don'ts
Looking for things to see in BC
Just used the 99 b line (SoF prespective)...
Did anyone feel an earthquake at around 2:20 am today (January 20)?
What is the best place to get a 'Professor Jacket', blazer, or sport coat with leather elbow patches?
Vancouver - Thursday's Question - ”What’s the most embarrassing fashion choice you’ve made when you were growing up?”
Vancouver - Saturday's Question - ”Who are the people who bring out the best in you?”
Vancouver - Tuesday's Question - ”What’s the most useful app on your devices?”
Aggressive Donation Soliciting
Any recommendations for a good tile installation company? Or who to avoid?
Vancouver - Sunday's Question - “What sort of narcissistic activity do you partake in the most, do you feel do it too much?”
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau: Remove BC Premier Christy Clark from office with a non-confidence vote.
BC's Cactus Club Cafe opens Toronto location. Gets wrecked by restaurant critic.
Why do buses bunch?
Time for feds to address high real estate prices: Rona Ambrose
Since we are doing mildly infuriating car2go posts , this is my street and all nearby car2go spots when i want to park mine. You can guess how many are there when i want to grab one.
Bear parts trafficking sting nets B.C. acupuncturist
Is there anyone living on Salt Spring Island with a decent telescope that we can all drop in and peek through on the 23 at around 5 am?
Burnaby restaurants run afoul of health inspections in 2015
We spent our Christmas Morning donating to Shelters and Charity's in Vancouver!
Extreme noise from Lupo
Star Wars Jedi vs Mortal Kombat
Vancouver's Polar Bear Swim Winner from Drone HD 2016
FREE: 4 Tickets to the Lord of the Rings Marathon on Sunday Jan. 3 @ Rio Theatre
Russell Peters says situation of refugees is misunderstood by Canadians
Flight to Vancouver from Paris with Air France, never again.
has anyone been to brandywine falls recently?
What is tax expenditure?
What's that siren about?
Sketchy Doctor in Vancouver?
Do you have to have a medicinal card to buy pot or edibles legally in Vancouver?
React World: Vancouver
Student? Looking for some extra income? Help me sell my junk.
Kits! Need a partner in crime to have drinks tonight
Best Bakery for Cakes/Sweets
How do the police/ambulance/firefighters get into a building when the manager/staff is gone?
Short Programming classes?
Bird watching spot around the city?
Need help being a boss best man.
Seriously, how much money is required to live comfortably in Vancouver?
Where can I buy li hing mui powder, which is popular in Hawaii?
No heat--furnace repair company recommendations?
Cocktail before the symphony
People digging through trash?
Sinclair Centre Passport Office Wait Times - Online?
Vancouver - Real Saturday's Question - ”How do you rebound from a bad day?”
If you've lived in another city in NA, how does it compare to Vancouver in overall quality of life?
Where can I find temporary tatoos in this city?
Picking a ski hill
Things to Know Before Buying a Condo in Vancouver
Jyrki Lumme, Kyle Wellwood, Kirk McLean &amp; Dave Babych will be signing autographs at 6 tonight at Bill Copeland Arena
Photos album of shots from various Canadian Film Sets(mostly Vancouver)
Who wants a 50 cent dollar?
The Top 12 Dine Out Vancouver Restaurants for Craft Beer!
Forced Air Heater Repair - How to avoid with maintenance
Downtown Vancouver from Jericho Beach
Land values skyrocket in Sydney's west as New South Wales records 20pc growth in a year (Australia)
Light rail is the only way to go in Surrey
9 beachfront homes around the world for the same price as a Vancouver tear-down
New Drive Thru
Shelley Fralic: Ontario mom thanks Vancouver stranger who discovered son's body
Vancouver Entrepreneurs: bedface create the best damn sheets on the internet.
Does anyone know where I could find a real nice Chess board?
Vancouver driver in a big hurry to stop
Update: Vancouver "Cat Cafe" temporarily closed after all cats adopted!
Is our coat of arms culturally inappropriate? (Spoiler: yes it is) [trigger warning]
Join MatchMate Social Dating Network For Canadian Singles to share what matters.
And they say it doesn't snow here. When it does, it sure is beautiful
So, what's Vancover like for jobs right now?
Does anyone know why, after $200 million plus being spent on the compass card system, there isn't an app that turns your phone into a compass card?
Ripped off by ATM company at Starlight Casino
Vancouver!!! It's Friday - What are you up to this weekend?
Vancouver - Sunday's Question - “In what way is your body worn out?”
So what's Vancouver like for jobs?
I'm a poor grad student visiting Vancouver in late March. Any suggestions for cheap lodging options near The Westin Bayshore?
Shady roommates and that time I woke up to a search warrant.
Tonight I was attacked by a dog
Need help replacing a magnet [x-post /r/britishcolumbia]
Parking Spot Rental
Car wash in Lower Mainland with excellent undercarriage wash?
What is that sound?
What are the odds of getting a spot in the cabin at Elfin lakes on a Saturday night in January?
How does Translink monetarily justify fare-checking busses?
Was just out walking my dog and suddenly...
Hi Vancourites - Who's your favourite Rapper?
Vancouver real estate is 'hot': Follow the money...
Dear PM: Don't Waste Billions on Bad Transit Projects
Vancouver inches ever so gradually toward executive-style governance
Stumbled across the bio of a Vancouverite who turned into a very racist sonofabitch, eli5 how people can post shit like this online without repercussions?
Shangri-la - Incase you were wondering
BCER 1309 - Interurban Rail in the early 20th Century
Mohammed Sharaz speaks out about his role in Vancouver mall mystery
There is clearly a lack of Car2Go vehicles in Vancouver
Does anybody have Bill Burr tickets that I can buy?
Please help support my made-in-Vancouver documentary love story about a 68 year marriage, Alzheimer's &amp; spoons. Thank you.
Why are half the lights out on Science World?
Shower thought: the Gastown Steam Clock is a steampunk art installation.
The Your Political Party will run a candidate in the Van-Mt.Pleasant by-election to replace Jenny Kwan on Feb 2
I don't think I'll ever tire of this view, taken from my balcony the other day.
PSA: Do not rent from Asheya
50% off fried chicken
Things to do in Vancouver for foodie/outdoorsy couple?
Is the Roadshow for The Hateful Eight still going on?
A nice coffee shop for working a few hours in downtown?
BC Hydro Charges in One Bedroom Condos
Looking for Lefse bread
Hard Dough bread hunt...
Where to find 330ML Mexican Coke
BARS NEAR ROGERS ARENA?
What Industries are in demand in Canada.
About to buy a factory unlocked Samsung galaxy s5. Need Vancouverites help as I am a noob
Montrealers who moved to Vanouver....
Vancouver Veterinarian using laser to spay dogs?
Beginners language courses at UBC?
Are there any boxing rings in the lower mainland?
ear wax removal????
Question about Vancouver history/genealogy
Where can you find off-duty police officers? Are there certain professions that hang out in certain places (i.e. pubs, bars)
Fishing in the lower mainland
Follow the money: Evidence submitted at fraud probe points to concerns about Vancouver real estate market
Cosmetic Dentistry Vancouver
North Shore bike trail saboteur given 3 years probation &amp; 150 hours community service
Cheapest Chicken Breast in Vancouver?
Follow the money: Evidence submitted at fraud probe points to concerns about Vancouver real estate market
Are you having hard time to date someone in Vancouver? try this site
Pants off on Skytrain- Girls
Rainbow over Canada Place today
Moving from Mtl to BC with hubby &amp; our 3 yr old. Looking at places &amp; have found new condos in North Coquitlam that are very affordable. Close to the mountains. The thing is we have never been there. Can anyone give any insight on this area or other great places to live in Vancouver? TY!
Unlimited vacation time is now a reality at one Vancouver company
If you think you'll get rich driving UberX in Toronto, think again
Are there any membership libraries in Vancouver?
Where to buy balut?
Searching for a Specialist. End of life/comfort care.
Any M*A*S*H* (TV show) fans here?
Any app developers?
Question for Vancouver Yoga practitioners
What is the ideal neighbourhood in Vancouver?
I am James Filippelli, Leader of Your Political Party (YPP). Here to answer your questions about our quest to change BC politics. Jeremy is here too. AUA!
Laptop Cases and Bags
Help, new to Vancouver and looking to take a girl out for 1st date
Whitecaps Single Tickets
How do you feel about bus drivers who like to talk on the overhead speakers?
Compass Card &amp; Social Engineering the Cashless Society in Vancouver
Does anyone else notice the sulfur/rotten egg smell in the tap water recently?
VIDEO: Road rage: Truck appears to drive car off the highway in Langley
Getting to the root of the problem in Richmond
Lougheed and Gilmore Front Page of /r/gifs
Live-updated Emergency Room (ER) wait times for Vancouver
North Shore and Whistler by helicopter
Rare RCMP apology for Delta firearms company and owner
Shannon Falls from above
Woman in critical condition after vicious dog mauling in Richmond park
Vancouver Redditors employed in small cap public companies, the TSX Venture Exchange is holding a round table at UBC Robson Square Jan 28 at 2pm. John Kaiser's comments on their white paper is attached.
2016 is the year we must fix Search and Rescue funding in British Columbia
Vancouver mayor renews calls on feds, B.C. to cool ‘alarming’ housing market
Spanking' over nude Snapchat photo leads to assault conviction for parents
Small movie theatres around Vancouver?
Vancouver Police looking for three persons of interest.
Californian who recently visited has a couple questions.
N license expiring in few months, can I still renew?
Date ideas in Tsawwassen/Ladner
new years resolution: make new friends
VancityBUZZ should be held accountable for leaking classified documents
So... Where did you meet your current S/O?
Question about Hindu Temple in East Van
"Maseur" sandles
Just how bad is the Vancouver real estate market (to buy) If I came ere with 200,000 CAD and could get a montage for 200,000 more, what would be my expectations? A pad somewhere or a family home?
West Coast road trip, looking for Vancouver Bike shops.
Vancouver - Wednesday's Question - ”What’s your speciality dish you would make to impress someone?”
Best strip club to work at?
I found a Go-Card pamphlet from 1989 - It illustrates the excitement of taking public transit
Vancouver man finds out another passenger flew under his name on WestJet flight
Vancouver needs this on Stanley Park Causeway
Let's bring this to Vancouver: Electric Bait Bike.
Is it acceptable to give a landlord one month's notice halfway through the month?
Is today some sort of a holiday? I've seen many couples with flowers out on the streets.
FFS - Canada will take in 10,000 parent, grandparent sponsorship applications this year
Cineplex offers Saturday morning screenings for $2.99 (kids movies mostly)
Fetus found in washroom of Chilliwack Tim Hortons; RCMP investigating
Christy Clark appoints TransLink minister to consult on Uber
B.C. to add computer coding to school curriculum
Transportation tunnel vision needs 21st-century corrective lenses
Amateur sushi chefs could find themselves in the emergency room
Why China’s stock market crash is going to send more money into Vancouver housing
Canada's licensed marijuana producers are still selling a lot less pot than Vancouver's dispensaries
Ferry between Vancouver and Victoria Inner Harbour plans summer 2016 launch
Are you interested in learning more about or preparing for the Cascadia Subduction Zone Earthquake? Check out /r/CascadianPreppers/
Know any Starbucks that are hiring?
How are Vancouver Marijuana Dispensaries Keeping Data Secure?
61st floor Shangri-La Hotel Vancouver Penthouse for sale (PHOTOS)
Vancouver dubbed the world’s third-least affordable housing market
Best place to get a haircut? Specifically for the "I don't really know what I want" type.
Work at an Amazon Fulfillment Facility? Don't!
Board game groups/nights?
Fire downtown?
Does anyone know why gas prices haven't gone down along with the price of oil?
Finding Affordable Living Facilities for Elderly in Vancouver with little waits and not crazy Expensive?? Impossible?
Terminal City Tabletop Convention
Utilities in Vancouver- Canada ($$$)
Dine Out Vancouver: Brunch Crawl?
What to do with cat litter in Vancouver?
Promo Code for 2016 TechBrew
Best way to find jobs in Vancouver (online or otherwise)
Repairing an RC car?
Software Development vs Management Information System in Vancouver
Suspect sought in possible attempted baby abduction in Burnaby
Goodbye Alice: deconstructing Evergreen Line tunnel boring machine
B.C. bus driver who looks like Walter White becomes internet hit
Vancouver based tech company now giving all of its employees unlimited paid vacation.
When white people riot, they get a musical
Fruiticana owner Tony Singh donates fruit baskets to Syrian refugees
Granville Island - Future tourist trap.
Chinese soldiers (living in Vancouver) implicated in U.S. military hacking case
This 1989 documentary on Asian investment in Vancouver shows how little the debate has changed
Seniors protest Wall Financial development in Vancouver's Chinatown
North Shore Rescue escorts lost hikers off Crown Mountain trail
Sunset on Daisy Lake
If the Expo Line SkyTrain went to Langley...
Fire downtown?
February 13th Engagement - Looking for a photographer.
Must see Places/restaurants/ things to do in the West End?
Anyone know if market crossing is on tonight?
Distance yourself
Epilepsy - Disability Benefit - Compass Card?
Data Recovery in Vancouver (general Vancouver area) Where can I have my hard drive repaired or data recovered at a decent price?
Where can I go to learn more about the Musqueam, Squamish, and Tsleil-Waututh nations?
Fairleigh dickenson university?
Girlfriend and I are tired of winters in Ontario. How realistic is it for us to move?
Valentines day weekend
Looking for the best indoor soccer spots.
Join our group and discuss the issues of Vancouver Property market to bring it more attention or to help others?
Rare clay used by B.C. First Nations kills drug-resistant bacteria: UBC study
Rare clay used by B.C. aboriginals found to kill bacteria resistant to antibiotics, say UBC researchers
Legalization could put licensed pot shops in Vancouver out of business
Vancouver!! It's Sunday night. All the chores are done. Dinner has been eaten and it was delicious btw... Just smoked up and now and having the best damn ice cream ever! Is there anything better than Island Farms?!! Happy Sunday btw!
Vancouver's City Halls use of Byzantine bylaws, fees and licenses, are destroying local businesses.
Canadian securities regulators review Vancouver real estate ‘crowdfunders’ after SCMP report
Thinking about the Uber issue while I can't sleep. Why can't I offer free rides to people? If someone wants to give me a donation (unsolicited) then why can't they? Is all this against Vancouver regulation?
That one time a lady tried to drive here with a grenade in the glove compartment. She wanted to get to Vancouver, WA.
​ICBC’s Hall of Shame: The Top 6 Fraud Files of 2015
Vancouver Police New Parking Lot MIDDLE of Lion's Gate Bridge GROUSE Mtn Top Tourist TV Attraction
UK Independent Article: "the West's refusal to confront Islamism is doing ISIS's work for it"...
Anybody looking for a sales job?
If India is the toilet of the world, does that make Surrey a piece of shit?
Student rental income, taxable?
Break In Etiquitte
Taking a bold step here. Please be sensitive.
Finding a place to rent...
Commercial vs. Davie village
Decent Bars to watch Hockey near Hastings Sunrise/Commercial drive?
VSO/Orpheum Dress Code
"You Wood!" comic style mural on Commercial Drive and Grandview, once visible from expo line trains
Team looking for 2 outdoor soccer players
Where to buy sugar-free coffee syrups?
I'm looking to buy tickets to Bill Burr at the Orpheum on Sunday! Please PM if you're selling.
Persian Restaurant?
Amazing bubbles being blown at Locarno beach today!
Refugee crisis: Vancouver Jewish temple raises $40K to sponsor Syrian family
MISSING: 17-year-old Joshua Chamanya from Richmond | News Talk 980 CKNW
Vancouver International Mountain Film Festival coming soon
MatchMate Social Dating Network Place To Chat and flirt with singles in Vancouver
South Surrey elementary school hit by bullet
Ismail Bhabha, Vancouver Officer Convicted Of Assault, To Receive Award
26,000-square-foot monster home in West Vancouver proves to be last straw for city council
Visit 5 Vancouver Museums for $5: Winter Wander is Back, Jan. 23
HIKING: Cypress Falls
Vancouver facility becomes Canada’s second approved supervised-injection site
Ecommerce web design and development solutions based on platforms like Magento, WooCommerce
2016 Dineout Restaurant Ranking according to Zomato
An archive of Vancouver Rave Flyers from the 90s and early 2000s
City submits final arguments on Kinder Morgan pipeline to National Energy Board - not in the public interest
Here's how the declining Canadian dollar will affect you
Northern Lights may appear above Vancouver for New Years Eve
Just Vancouver problems...
Frozen Alcove (SAWeet!!0)
RTA Eviction / Appeal question
