What is the main difference between different vinyl weights?
DIY Turntable kit?
Disc Stabilizers. Are they worth it?
VINYL REVIEW: Ballboy ~ All The Records On The Radio Are Shite
Which Record player
What's your favorite Jimi Hendrix album and which ones do you own?
Question no need to upvote.
Suggestions for bookends that can hold lots of vinyl without falling over?
I want to play OLD 78s like Hank Williams Sr. How (and where do I find) do I apply / swap the stylus to use the wider 78 RPM grooves?
Need clarification on setup.
Buying new needle
Looking for a new turntable stand
What sites sell live/demo bootlegs apart from discogs &amp; ebay?
Need some help with Technics SL-DL5
Pioneer PL-560 vs. Kenwood KD-42RB
Questions about download codes?
After a few years of using an inherited Panasonic all-in-one I've finally assembled a decent set-up.
Successful Day of Thrift Shopping (Info in album)
My setup 2 years in, also any input on speaker upgrade?
Speaker and receiver deal
Dollar bin progress report: 1/17/2016
Collection of my oddities and rarities. Enjoy and post your own!
Madlib Medicine Show: The Brick on Vinyl
My friend is attempting to review 365 albums this year, thought you guys might dig it.
A glimpse into my collection
A couple of words on David Bowie, I won't be doing any listening today
I want to find a guy for the night. Someone want to spend time with me? It's not lie, no payment, cards and something other... id:aaadgatad
If a new copy (re-issue/re-press) of a record you're looking for costs a little more than a used copy (earlier pressing), which do you buy?
Not extremely rare, but here's an album you don't see too many of.
How do I prevent static pops?
In memory of the Captain
What's everyone spinning during the blizzard?
Our Love on the new Pioneer SP-FS52s
Setup question. Right upgrade ?
New slipmat, do I need to rebalance my tonearm?
Thought I would share my first setup.
Harmonium - si on avait besoin d'une cinquième saison ( les 5 saisons)
Will this bump in my record damage my stylus?
Technics trouble shoot
Ortofon Stylus Compatibility?
My new setup (lurking for the past couple months)
Restoring a Thorens TD125 Worth it?
Got an AT 120 and looking for a good set of powered speakers for under $200.
What ive picked last 2 weeks
Need help finding a decent receiver!
New TT: arm acting as an antenna?
Steepletone srp025 shutdown timer
What is the bottleneck of my system? (£200)
What are some great instrumental movie soundtracks available on vinyl?
So I have an old stereo console turntable that I absolutely can not find any information about
My lovely quandary
Grounding cable help
The hole one my favorite record is too small..
Here is the start of my music collection!
Picked up this Herb Alpert gem for $2....perfect condition
Look what this cat dragged in...
Before Beach House was Beach House they were...
My Quest For A Portable Turntable [Discogs Blog]
EAT's E-Flat turntable
Goodnight major tom
A moment of appreciation for 2manydjs' record collection / vinyl room.
Does SRC vinyl suck? Blink 182 - Enema of the State Vinyl LP reissue
Yes. Discogs is down for maintenance.
Turns out I owned an "RL" pressing of Led Zeppelin II and didn't even know it!
Bones And Grooves: The Weird Secret History Of Soviet X-Ray Music : NPR
Confusion on pre-amps/power amps/etc.
Technics SL-Q200 for a starting bid of $37.Good value?
Catch of the Day
Please rate my newbie collection.
Help deciding which speakers to get
Will the new release of Bloc Party Silent Alarm on Amazon be of good quality?
Prices of new TTs compared to 25+ years ago.
Mailbag: Stromae - Rancine Carrée
Receiver Information?
AudioTechnica AT-LP120USB sounds like garbage. What's the deal?
Today I made a beautiful vinyl shelf for $45
Problems with my turntable after a long time in storage.
Would you return a record with switched labels?
Technics SL-1300 MK1 auto-return problem
Best new integrated amp under $500?
Best receiver or amp for around $400?
Does anyone know where to get outer sleeves in Canada?
Thoughts on Heybrook TT2 turntable
This Discovery was a steal!
My first pressings of Sgt. Peppers and the White album, with the story behind them
Each Unwound box set, in detail
Picked these up today, I guess I like blue babies.
Current stereo set up for vinyl and tapes.
Henry Mancini - Music from Mr. Lucky
My Current Listening Setup.
Found a pleasant surprise in my Ride the Lighting sleeve..
Upgraded hifi setup
My moon shake records collection
The Pharcyde - Labcabincalifornia. Been looking for a while for this, classic 90s hip hop.
Anyone able to tell me anything about this System?
How to Shop For Vinyl With Michael Fremer
I normally don't refer to records as grails, but am willing to make an exception for this one.
Just started getting into vinyl about half a year ago, here is what I have so far!
Your Facebook feed is probably full of Bowie Tributes. Here's one more.
I officially began collecting this Christmas; not a bad way to start
No white whales, but great '70s and '80s thrift store finds
Any recommendations on good cheap (under £50 preferably) active speakers (UK)?
Panoramic Storage (Kallax)
Barnes &amp; Noble refunded my Blackstar order even though I ordered it before Bowie died.
Ex turned me onto vinyl. Rid TV and CPU's not cutting it. Any advice is welcome (please steer clear of overpriced albums, learned the hard way and found amazing places in Motown.)
I don't normally refer to records as grails, but might be willing to make an exception for this one.
Last night's haul - $16
Help choosing a new receiver
Rarest 7" single in your collection?
Any information on the Realistic STA-125?
Most interesting record(s) you own?
Best Version of Raw Power by Iggy &amp; the Stooges
Finally! My set up :)
Bark Psychosis - Scum EP 12" (1992) (picture in description)
Spilled on my turntable...
Looking for an upgrade ASAP
a/d/s speakers
today's haul @asylum records in Hollywood florida
Looking for leads on EDM Trap LPs
Anybody have any pressings of The Desert Sessions?
Inner groove distortion
A quick message to Audio Technica.
Record stores along the lower East Coast (Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina).
How can you tell a TT is tracking a record to 'heavily'? Also, my own experiences with a LP60 so far.
What do you think is the best single track A side?
[Help] Only one of my speakers work when I connect my TT to the amp, but both work if I connect my cellphone to it.
Just upgraded the turntable I got for Christmas to an Audio Technica LP120 from a Crosley, but the original problem with a brand new record is still happening.
Just bought my first turntable. Could use a little help!
My Flash and the Pan collection
My setup: AU-999 + Pro-ject Debut Carbon
Bands I met in 2015 - Signed Records!
Top records sold on eBay, Nov. 2015
Heads Up To International Record Buyers; USPS Announces Postage Rate Increase
Does anyone know anything about this TT? I'm in a super tight budget and I'm looking for my first table. Something to get me by until I find a gem.
Are these crates an acceptable way to store vinyl?
A taste of Canadian history...
What do you have in your listening lounge? Pics welcome!
Dearbornmusic on discogs...
Picked up some classic Dr. Dre and 50 Cent
This amp was made for bossa nova
Stiff Little Fingers - 7" collection
speaker cable help
New kit, would love advice!
Hey guys I run a label and we just got our latest and possibly lastest release #ReunionShow
Why is it so common for new records to skip?
What's your personal favorite pressing/cut of DSotM?
To the Blue Note collectors that buy original pressings How much do you spend typically on one album?
$150-200 Budget for a Vintage Receiver
Help Recording Vinyl on my Computer
Headphone recommendations?
No stupid questions thread for the week of Jan. 18th
Old Pioneer Amp -Equalizer configuration help
[UK] Help! Fixing Mum's Record Player for Birthday.
[CANADA] Are these a good price?
Help with humming from turntable? Grounding problem?
HELP: Pro-ject Debut III cartridge grinding while playing
Discussion - What is the "End Game" audio equipment for Vinyl listening?
Just started my collection and trying to get a focus
Discogs mobile android app?
This album was the soundtrack to my senior year in HS. MY white whale.
Which cartridge for a Sony PS-LX3?
Speaker Suggestion
How many of you guys have stuck with the same TT brand and why?
Help fixing a Sony LX300
Where can I find vinyl rips?
I'm plannig on getting a marantz tt5005. What are some relatively cheap (under £50) speakers i can get for it?
My local record store discounts prices when our football team wins. (Oz Music - Tuscaloosa, AL)
My go-to album for FML type of day..
Chicagoans - Groovin' High has a sale this weekend.
How to find replacement TT motor for SL-BD2?
Any of these turntables worthwhile?
Please check out this blog where we talk about vinyls and artists who are well-established as well as new and up-coming!
My trip to Flea Market
Got this new Miles Davis Kind Of Blue yesterday. Didn't notice the 45rpm. Played the whole 1st album at 33 before reading the box closer and adjusting the speed. I'm an idiot. Spectacular edition BTW.....well worth the cost.
My boyfriend cheated on me and I decided to take revenge on him, registers, and look me in the nick: Girl325 [vinyl]
78rpm vinyl picture discs
Hey boys I'm Nina and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Asian Man Music for Asian Man People
Early Sunday Listening
Some of my favourite purchases of 2015
[Noob Help] Audio Technica LP60 connecting to 3.5mm headphones.
That "finally got copies of my own record" feel.
“I OWN SO MUCH VINYL” – MARTIN SCORSESE PICKS HIS FAVOURITE RECORDS
My first vinyl player set up. Great for listening to my favourite album of all time
Pioneer PLA-45D: should I grab it and run?
New setup sounds like crap and I don't know why.
I can't believe I'm asking this but...
Phono preamp in Marantz SR6008
Suggestion for all the people new to vinyl wondering about a setup....
New cartridge (Ortofon 2M Red), need help adjusting tonearm lift for Denon DP-300F
Can you guys give me a second opinion on this table?
Spin Clean Issues
Guys did I screw up
Old Elvis EP? What is it?
Webcor Holiday Portable High Fidelity Radio Fonograf
What is your opinion on the Lepai 2020 A+ Amplifier?
AT-LP120-USB motor noise
Vinyl collection essentials?
How to remove static from records
Suggestions For A New Setup
Update 1.1.6 for my app Discographer - For Discogs
I always spin records with my dust cover down. Is that really so bad?
DBX 119 Compressor Decilinear
Moved to Boston. First purchase. Very happy.
Just got this in the other day
Children of Bodom know how to make a picture disk [X-Post from r/avporn]
PETITION: Please stop saying "vinyls."
Vegan Checks Record Insert for Dairy - The Hard Times
I thought I'd take some time to share the most prized piece in my collection with you.
My New Record Playing Set-Up
In Fort Lauderdale for the weekend and stopped in at Radio-active records. Lots of records there but these ones had been on my list!
Setup thus far
What is this 'protractor' thing I found alongside my grandma's old 78's?
Told Dad that my JVC turntable sucked, and then he gave me this!
I've been lurking this subreddit for long enough, here is my collection so far with small stories for most of them.
Laser Vinyl Record Player. Interesting but just not right for me.
Turntable unvelied at CES Technics SL-1200
Garcia / Grisman MoFi...the best sounding record in my collection
American Hustle helped me find this record.
Me again... My friend asks if he is a CASUAL vinyl listener, that listens to maybe about one vinyl a few days, and collects vinyls fairly frequently (i.e once a month) is this the record player to go?
This sub vs. newcomers
My favorite thrift store find
Amazon Prime makes it way too easy to order vinyl. I've ordered 22 records in January. Yikes.
Dust Cover Solutions?
What turntable is this?
I am tired! How do you do it all day?
RSD Points System
Suggestions on improving my setup?
Where Is My Next Upgrade?
Is the AT-LP60 recommended?
I just spent $140 on 4 records.
Dual 1019 Question
PSA - Funk Friday
Records on Walls
New Vinyl Prices
Having static problems?
A Question for the Old-timers
Questions about Technics SL-20
Need help with what to buy
Im having problems with converting my records to mp3s using Audacity.
What's the consensus on the U-turn Orbit?
I'm kind of new to Vinyl, Check out my collection!
First setup picture! Just need a better entertainment center.
Just added #500 to the collection
Found a NM original copy of Delicate Sound of Thunder today... sounds incredible!
What do you think about my first setup?
Picked up two Cat Stephens records over the weekend. Can't wait to listen.
[Metavinyl]I'm so bored, cheer me up 18+
Two of my favorite albums from the 90s, available for the first time on record today.
Right Away, Great Captain! Trilogy preorder to go live tomorrow at 12 pm EST
Dual 1209 for $50 - Too Good to be True?
My haul from Sub Pop's year end sale.
After a few years of using an inherited Panasonic all-in-one I've finally assembled a decent set-up.
Today shopping
Stiff Little Fingers - 7" collection
Decent audio setup for a new record collector?
Car got towed, selling a couple of my rarer records
Which record cabinet should I buy?
Best automatic turntable for $300?
Garage/Psych/Punk Recommendations: Community discussion.
Grounding question
What are some of your favorite albums that have at least one cover song in it?
Talk Talk - Laughing Stock Reissue (Out Today)
Does anyone know of any (fairly) reliable sources for reviews/opinions of vinyl reissue pressing quality?
First Vinyl Setup - Not working
Little turntable "hack"
every kanye album on vinyl?
How do they do reissues nowwa days?
Wanted: Royal Concept-Goldrushed
Is this worth buying?
Technics SL1200MK2 tracking problem
Vintage turntable upgrade
Help me identify my press of Velvet Underground and Nico!
I love getting packages like this. r/vinyl I'm curious to hear if anyone has had a similar experience. (Short description in comments.
1 year anniversary of starting my collection. Here's to many more. Check out my collection so far!
Spinning a favourite today (see comments).
A recent lucky find: The Streets - A Grand Don't Come For Free
5 records from my collection (ambient/prog/goth/folk)
Weekend project. Easy vinyl display art. Think it came out great!
DIY Vinyl Rips
Received the vinyl I've been searching for, for nearly 2 years!
ABBATH (ex-Immortal frontman) new single "Count the Dead" 45
Thrift Store Records With a Twist...
Most expensive items sold in Discogs Marketplace for November 2015
Thought you guys would appreciate this. RIP Bowie ⚡️
Panoramic Storage
Do I need a receiver?
Lucky day at the record store.
Removing black from Rega Platter
Scott Walker's Tilt. Drag City reissue?
Will damage from dropping the stylus result in instantly audible damage?
Anyway to verify a vinyl version actually exists?
Replacement stylus guard?
Favorite finds of the week.
What special vinyl colors and patterns sound the worst?
Symptom of a dirty record?
Does anyone have any info on this vinyl?
Im looking for a set of speakers
Vinyl Brush/Cleaner?
Tortoise Millions.... Blue Vinyl
Looking for a nice MM cart for my Technics SL 1210
U-Turn Orbit Setup Help
Looking for Good Suggestions
Poor bass coming from record player - looking for suggestions
Thoughts on dcm kx10 series 2 speakers
Where do you guys get your vinyls online?
What are your reference albums?
Never gets old.
I don't have much space incollege, nor much money to update my gear. So this is my very very cheap setup in my dorm.
UMe Abbey Road 1/2 Speed Mastered Series Update: We Ask the Tough Questions
Today's German Beatles Vinyl Haul
Review #1: Manchester Orchestra - Hope (2014)
This little gem arrived in the mail today.
Stiff Little Fingers 7" - collection
So I just finished configuring my setup. Starring : KEF q700 speakers, modified Yaqin MS-34d power amp, modified Little Bear T10 Phono Pre-amp, Pro-Ject Debut Carbon DC, Zotac mini pc with Kodi Media Center loaded, Dac HRT Music Streamer II, and our well known Ikea set with DYI remote led lights.
So I decided to make fun of Michael Fremer for some of his recent vinyl related reviews...
At the Route 66 Museum in Pontiac, IL
‘Vinyl,’ Backed by Martin Scorsese and Mick Jagger, Looks at 1970s Rock
A "grail" of mine I just got and my 325 ft^2 apartment set up
Vinyl fans rejoice! Panasonic, Sony are reviving the turntable
Finally completed my Tarantino collection!
My Collection (All original presses) down for trades(:
Let's see the rarest records in your collection. Mine was a pure luck find.
Luke Creed - Straw Dogs (Original Mix) (Question, do you think it is worth my while reissuing the vinyl of this? Current market etc.)
Roots music, before bluegrass, country, and rock. This music, alongside blues, shaped everything we hear today.
This sums up this sub most days.
Managed to get my hands on a signed copy of Ben Harper's "Fight For Your Mind" limited reissue
Finally got my new turntable!
Barnes &amp; Nobles is offering The Revenant OST (Sakamoto) for pre-order at $12.62. Is this correct? From other sites, the standard price is $35.
Ben lee - awake is the new sleep 2LP - anyone seen this instore?
Got a New Years text from my good friend tonight.
Vinyl crowdfunding platform QRATES releases Store Delivery | Making vinyl on QRATES is now inventory and financial risk free + comes with direct wholesale access to juno, HMV Records and more!
Frugal Gift Idea: A card full of download codes.
Please help me improve my setup!
Cart advice needed for Thorens TD 160
Does anyone know if the Minus the Bear Menos El Oso 10th Anniversary re-issue is any good?
Shure 97xe vs Ortofon 2M red?
Pops and Clicks
Just purchased an Ortofon Omega! Setup?
Craigslist finds. Need advice from someone who knows vintage tables!
[GEAR HELP] First table
Starting my first ever vinyl collection, give me your advice and record recommendation
Is the ATN-440MLb stylus replacement compatible with the AT-440MLa cartridge?
Utrecht Record Fair (worlds biggest record fair), is it worth going? Your experience?
Broken Anti-Skate
Found a modded Thorens 321 turntable used, need help on deciding
My first vinyl
Calling all Bavarians &amp; Hungarian vinyl fiends, taking a trip to your homelands soon, can you advise me on the best places to dig?
Buying a new record player on a budget...
Finally Arrived - Ghost's "Meliora"
Recent pick ups. Really bummed I slept on the gayngs album for so long
Anyone else in the US file their taxes &amp; act irresponsibly yet?
Repurposed an Ikea crate into a turntable stand
Happy 30th Anniversary
First time posting so here are my pickups from this month!
Came across a great jazz collection at an estate sale this weekend. Couldn't pass these up at $0.50 an album
Good end of 2015. Jazz, blues, funk, soul, and some world from the latter half of the year.
Check out my collection, tell me what you think.
Just got the Caravan Palace - Robot vinyl from Amazon today!
Found some sweet Japanese-pressed Western/Rockabilly singles while digging. Can anyone tell me who the artists are?
Stiff Little Fingers - 7" collection
Dispatch Green Vinyl In Stock
Help with knowing if this is worth going for?
Are there any huge benefits to 1/2 cartridges over P mount cartridges?
I'm new to Vinyl and I need a record player. Can you help?
Incredible Hip-hop score in the Bronx
latest score and cartridge recommendations
Needle Replacement PSA Poster
my makeshift, shady as hell, setup
Pro-Ject setup question
I found a JVC AL-E300BK for 8 dollars, anyone know anything about that model?
What's the deal with the price of weights?
Fully Auto TT Question
What kind of music is played at the Coco Bongo nightclub in the movie The Mask?
Pro-ject Debut Dust Cover Question
Vinyl and Cassette two-in-ones
Powered monitors/reciever help
Help Me Pick a Receiver?
Sansui P-L95R Fully Automatic TT
What's your favorite record in your collection?
Looking for a very specific Bill Withers Vinyl
Advice on new turntable
Wanting to get into vinyl
New setup. Thanks for your help!
Need help where or not a record is beyond condition.
New to vinyl. Looking for a turntable under 500 dollars.
I know we all like to show off our fancy well-kept records, but what about our junkers?
Metric's Fantasies is back in stock!
I finally got my Army of Darkness Soundtrack from Mondo! (A lot of tiny ashes included)
Finally ditched my Crosley for a $38 Goodwill setup. Cleaned it up and it sounds great. Record collection included.
AudioEngine Speakers - $250. Crosley Player - $70. Destroyed Records - Priceless.
Five Records 1/28/16: Post-Punk, Art Rock, Jazz, Dub, Post-Hardcore, Paisley Underground, Neo-Psychedelic, etc.
RIP David Bowie, Lets all spin some Ziggy Stardust for the Thin White Duke
In preparation for the big game tonight I'm spinning this weird 1981 release, "Orange Breakout"
$600 for a Bob Dylan Box Set? How Long Will the Boom Last?
If I make my own phono cables, should I make them as short as possible or can they be too short?
The haul from my first trip to the record store!
Modern Vinyl 20 Reissues We Need in 2016
Anyone interested in a weltron 8 track player?
My shopping adventure today. - Details in comments
According To His Official FB Page, David Bowie has passed away.
What happens when the center label isn't exactly perfectly aligned...
Considering buying from craigslist, need opinions.
Any Rap or Hip Hop heads here? I got my hands on a pretty sweet haul today. Total cost: $34.50
New cartridge question
Denon 300f vs. Teac TN-300?
what speaker cables will i need for my table?
Why do my VINYL posts keep getting deleted immediately?
Need help identifying this cartridge on new (to me) TT
If you were moving overseas (from US), would you sell or boat over your record collection?
Brand New Shure M97xE Cartridge Odd Hum Sound
Was RCA lying or are we fools for buying 180g vinyl?
Failure "Fantastic Planet" - issues at Pledgemusic
DIY Record clamp?
Just got a turntable! Just want a second opinion on the rest of my setup before I pull the trigger.
Pioneer PL-15R Inherited! Now what do I do?
Modest TT with tremendous cartridge?
Are these speakers any good to use as my setup?
New to vinyl, what's up with....
Angry Letter From The Dawn Of Stereo LP's
Seeking recommendations for bargain bin FUNK albums
Best "affordable" A Love Supreme pressing?
PLEASE HELP--having problems with Audio Technica LP60 turntable
Purchase advice?
Handmade wooden vinyl record display
New to vinyl. Should I jump on this?
Distorted sound on select albums
Happy Kansas Day
Nada Surf High/Low Review+GIVEAWAY
One of my favorite albums, which led to my discovery of another now-favorite album.
The start of my vinyl collection, I can feel my wallet deflating
David Bowie-changesbowie (Rykodisc, 1990)
Five Albums - 1/24/2016 - Punk, Hip Hop, Folk, crazy person romps
Tonight's record store deals!
Inside the new Technics SL 1200 GAE Turntable
Figured Mr. Blue Sky was appropriate during the blizzard (DC Metro Area)
Five Records 01/21/16 Post-Rock, Krautrock, Drone
Don't you wish mobile Discogs apps had album art recognition via camera for older albums that don't have barcodes?
New Year's Jazz Haul
Need help identifying this cartridge on new (to me) TT
Anniversary Reissues and First Time Presses You Want to See This Year...
Vice Records and the Black Lips
Another low price record shelf option
Dad gave me old tt. Info?
I want a specific album so bad I will actually pay someone to find one for me. Does anyone know of someone like this?
How many records in your collection were probably played and loved on a Crosley equivalent?
Have any of you ordered from Mobile Fidelity? How was your experience and how long did it take for your records to ship?
Carpenter Brut's "Trilogy" Repress Preorders just went live on Neuropa Records
Releases &amp; reissues that I'd like to see &amp; that you'd like to see.
Hot topic have 50% off international shipping
Phono box preamp
Audio Technica 120 Smell?
Shout out to Polyvinyl for A+ customer service.
Figured this was the best place to ask for a new TT recommendation.
Looking for a good phono preamp which one of these is better?
Question about an old Sears turntable.
Looking for a good portable turntable.
New update (1.2.0) for Discographer - For Discogs
No Live Santa Monica?
Looking at this for my return to vinyl listening.
I love Chicago, and Buddy guy!
Marantz TT530?
Sharing amp between turntable and PC. Why does PC input sound bad when turntable is plugged in?
My beginners setup
haul, thrift, classic, grail, cheap, excited, dad rock, fun. In all seriousness I got lucky, these didn't hit the shelf coz they were pricing when I walked in
Three Death Cab For Cutie reissues
My growing collection! 3 months into vinyl and its getting a little out of hand already.
Ordered this vinyl for my girlfriend and im hoping its the Clear one, can someone confirm?
Miles on MoFi (45rpm)
HOLY shiiitttt look at this technics 1200 table
Finally completed my Tarantino collection!
New slip mat, do I have to adjust the height of my platter/tonearm somehow?
You can win a copy of the Life Is Strange Soundtrack on vinyl from Square Enix (NA only)
And so, my vinyl collection begins.
Five Records 01/02/16 Post-Punk, New Wave, Ambient
Broke up with my gf today. Decided to go and add to my angst porn collection
Please I am Desperate
In case you have $3000+ for a turntable...
Sears Silvertone HiFi Late 60's Solid State Model 528: Need parts
Is this safe storage?
Kallax with glass doors ?
My Setup and Collection - (pictures &amp; links to larger artist collections and favorites in comments)
New Ratatat album has a rotational static noise?
Issues With Static
My Discogs Dream Turned into a Nightmare: A Vinyl Horror Story
Let's play a set up game
Still waiting on your deluxe colored variant of Deafheaven- New Bermuda from Kings Road Merch?
Slip mat upgrade for debut iii?
Does anyone else post stuff to do with vinyl on other social media?
Bowie Bootleg "Adults Only" (Moon Child 0050)
What is your most treasured vinyl?
Gorillaz | Demon Days [Unofficial Pressing] I've heard people call this album a "caricature" among music fans, but I honestly don't care. It's still my favorite album ever made
Are there online stores to buy LPs other than eBay?
NSFW Kinda late for 2015 albums here here goes
Re-acquired this yesterday, ISIS ft. Marcia Johnson "Don't Try It" 1997
I've only just started, here's my poor-man's Vinyl station.
Nice haul from the parents basement this Christmas holiday
People Are Spending Insane Amounts on David Bowie's Final Album
Turntable Isolation Platform "Sandbox"
A curious bootleg
Found a NM original copy of Delicate Sound of Thunder today... sounds incredible!
For Sale NOW: MEGA MAN: Best of Mega Man 1-10 LP
How to Pirate a Vinyl Record The Hard Way
time to *whip out* the Iggy &amp; Ziggy boot [nsfw]
Detroit luxury goods brand Shinola to offer a line of turntables and high-end audio gear
Got a new receiver. Breaking it in with some SMASH
Discogs launches new databases for music gear, books, comics and films
First spin ever, glad to be here
In my last day at Dublin I bought some stuff which I've already had in CD's.
Got drunk and visited my favorite shop, came home with these bad boys
Where can I buy a replacement 45rpm adapter for Pro-Ject Carbon?
Cartridge Question
