To the assholes that stole our shovel and salt...
How is uber around NW / downtown right now?
Public Affairs / Communications Events?
Lost phone- longshot
Snow &amp; OPM/School systems.
Is there anywhere left to get a snow shovel?
[News] Something on Wisconsin Ave NW?
Want to learn how to swordfight?
Couple Looking for a Roommate/Couple to sign APT in DC/NOVA/MD
Should I live with a roommate in DC if I am working and going to grad school full time?
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my adga
Awesome time lapse videos from the blizzard!
The red line defies the natural order and scientific reasoning
[MEME] It's a great feeling - hope you enjoy it with me over the next few days.
London Underground experiments with Standing on the Left as a Good Thing
D.C., The Snow Is Coming For You
Latest GFS storm model is literally off the charts.
Someone posted this on Snapchat. Anyone know if it's real?
DC Issues $1M in Parking Tickets After Blizzard 2016
"MTP announce arrest of first suspect in December 21 Red Line assault"
WMATA Shutting Down Friday night through Sunday
A woman walks down a snowy 15th and L streets NW January, 1954. Will we see this in 2016?
Person in District hit by train; MARC and Amtrak trains stopped
A live pony is coming to 14th Street this weekend
Pro-Statehood Not Your District PAC to Hold Fundraiser Saturday
Please sign this petition calling for increased safety on WMATA metrorail
Awesome: MPD officers join pickup football game, play better offense (wait for it) then NFL
[Meme] Good luck, and god speed!
Appropriate Church Sign for Today's Blizzard
Let the blizzard begin
Firewood In the Metro Area?
This man grew thousands of pounds of rice in DC and did it without flooding.
Whoever just followed my girlfriend an I to dinner!
Storage at/near Verizon Center?
ALS patient needs help in Silver Spring - snowed in
Question on snow emergency cab fare.
What are the best bars/clubs to dance on Sunday's, Monday's, Tuesday's, and Wednesday's?
Selling engagement and wedding ring in DMV?
DC Tax Credit for Installation of Home Electric Vehicle Charging Station
Best ways/places to make friends in the District
Looking for one of those DC or NOVA deli joints that pile the meat on high.
Salsa/Tango dancing classes or clubs?
D.C. Principal Says He Was Swarmed by School Children on Red Line
NWS 4 am Fcst Disc: "SNOW IS NOW EXPECTED TO MOVE INTO THE REGION 1-2 HOURS FASTER THAN PREV THOUGHT...NOVA/DC BY 1PM
Snowzilla: Nature and Deer Reclaim D.C.'s Snow-Covered Streets
DC man with bass clarinet tackles snow in lederhosen
Video: What can happen if you don't take the snow off of the roof of your car
Car2Go giving 60 minutes of free drive time per car you dig out for them.
[MEME] Hitler Learns That OPM Won't Close on Friday
Metro adopts new way of measuring how well, or poorly, it is performing
New Year, new laws
[MEME] Trying to stick to the marathon schedule this weekend
The line to get into Trader Joe's at 2:00 this afternoon
This is the Washington DC McLaren P1 Pre-Crash
A rethinking of Washington DC as a part of Maryland and Virginia (X post from r/imaginarymaps)
How a ‘sexist’ quote from 16th-century pope became Maryland’s state motto
Got cabin fever? Join former Councilman Jim Graham for a "rock hard" performance, no cover charge!
If you've been hankering for hummus on pita, but thinking: "where can I pay 12$ for that?" Here's your new spot.
Don't Panic! Snow (and rain) showers likely to dash through D.C. area
D.C.’s Most Contentious Piece of Real Estate is 25 Feet Underground Dupont Circle
Generous benefits make people more likely to work not less. We need paid paid family leave.
Obligatory post-blizzard rant
Major Case/Unsolved Homicides in D.C. in 2015.
What's your favorite place to take out-of-town visitors to show off DC's food?
Tourist Tuesday! Ask your questions that don't deserve their own thread here!
what to do in DC/McLean/Vienna/Alexandria today?
Anyone ever been to macombo lounge?
Any recommendations for cool traveling exhibits or limited-time events happening next week?
[Shitpost] Upvote if You're Drunk
What bars remain open today?
Impending Doom - Costco NE DC - line is to the back of the store
The Triumph of a Black Lesbian High School Poet- Filmed at Roosevelt High School in Petworth
Raspberry Pi livetweeting snow storm time lapse pictures from Petworth
New Hampshire public radio covers Gingko stinko, including DC's
David Bray, CIO, FCC to speak at "Improving Budgets, Security and Organizational Focus through IT Modernization:". January 20 at Marriott Marquis Washington, DC
Anyone feel the earthquake?
Moving to DC soon, looking for advice
A light dusting causes chaos to the Washington area as a massive blizzard looms
DC Council fails to extend ban on private pot clubs. Will become legal on Jan. 15.
Ready to trade in the city living for a more rural environment. Is that possible in DC?
If you have an emergency and need help in this storm please request the hundreds of people on call and ready to help on SuperHandy. We will not be charging for any emergency requests during this storm.
My OPM source says 3 hour delay tomorrow likely
OPM has spoken....
I think I was supposed to file taxes as a contractor but didn't. What do I do now? (x-post from r/personalfinance)
Community forum for cap hill/DC?
Should I move to DC before I have a job?
Best time to visit DMV is day before "life-threatening," "severe," "historic" blizzard.
Iconic DC Songs
If there's one thing I've learned from Snowverreaction 2016...
Are there any DC MPD officers here?
Anyone know of a packing &amp; cleaning service in DC area?
Best Ski Resorts within 2-3 hours from DC?
Hello DC! I'm trying to surprise my LDR partner with some flowers for Valentine's Day. What are some good and cheap florists that would deliver the arrangement to her door?
Snow Storm Deals at DC Area Restaurants and Bars (UPDATED)
PAC Poll: Vince Gray Would Lead At-Large, Ward 7 Races
Do you think I will be able to get home by Monday Night, since my college starts Tuesday? My intinerary is the link.
A photo guide to fossils embedded in DC architecture, organized by era.
Brewhaha: How a Beer Donation to a Charity Event Led to a Controversial Mess
UPDATE: Capitol Hill Treehouse
DC residents can park their cars in the DCUSA parking garage for $1/day during the storm. Save yourself the hassle of digging out your car.
The Nats are hiring a new Racing President if anyone's interested
Here's Jonas [MEME]
Brace Yourself
Is anyone else a little bitter that NYC is reporting more snow than us?
Hey DC, /r/winterwx here, from the creators of /r/tropicalweather. RVA is expecting nearly 2 feet of snow! Come model watch and report observations with us!
"The Washington Post is suspending its paywall on the Web through the weekend to provide readers unlimited access to weather coverage and important safety information."
Don't Bury Other People's Cars
Appartment in area with least crime
Winter Heads Up: leave your tap SLIGHTLY on to prevent pipes from freezing
DC actually issuing parking citations on Sunday 6th &amp; N NW
DC Snow Map: Track what streets have been plowed using DPW open data
Snow Art: Our FB friends voted on what we should do during the storm, results are hilarious.
This morning's sunrise, 1/24/2016
Every federal employee today
Go Ron, go! Our very own /u/DCRetiree featured by the Washington Post.
EPIC SNOW BRAWL DURING THE BLIZZARD IN DC!
I'm so bored, cheer me up 22
/r/WashingtonDC and the SNOWMYGOD OPM CLOSE ALREADY
My dog enjoying the blizzard
Best bar in DC to "pick up" my wife?
Should I cancel a trip for this week?
Best winter hikes outside DC?
R/washingtondc, I need some help.
Need advice... Possibly moving to DC
Is it possible to drive on I-95 right now from the South to DC?
Any laser engraving/cutting hobbyists in the area?
Aspiring YA Writers: A Workshop Retreat Program Coming to the DC Area in March
Is it legal to smoke marijuana in a hotel in DC? Say the Hilton or Marriott for example.
Buying Moving Boxes
HOPING TO drive to DC area this weekend (Reston) and wondering if there was a way to avoid the worst of the blizzard?
What happened at the Allegro in Columbia Heights?
I SPENT 3 DAYS clearing out MY street parking spot, left a note claiming it as my own (as we do back in the Rust Belt), and then an ambulance parked there!
Where to go in DC to meet people?
As expected...
Federal jury convicts Md. couple in $80 million D.C. Medicaid fraud case from The Washington Post
Captured: Man threatening Members of Congress and staff
"don't bring a gun to a snowball fight" (Protip from 2009 snowball fight). DAE remember this?
Tonight's incredible sunset over the Lincoln Memorial [OC]
Signs of the apocalypse!
NFC WILDCARD - GREENBAY PACKERS vs WASHINGTON REDSKINS
I don't know which one is mine
Delta has issued a travel waiver for all DC area airports through 1/24. This means you can reschedule flights without paying the $200 change fee
[MEME] Now that Meme's are allowed on the front page
Why does this kid's face show up when I Google the Library of Congress?
Man arrested after planning to abduct first dog Bo Obama
DC govt. is open as normal?
Fed offices closed tomorrow (1/25)
First Meteorologist weighs in with their forecast
Reminder to white 20-somethings using the metro next Sunday
Vintage clothing and antique stores in dmv area??
Hi all! I would love your feedback on my Instagram page: DateSpottDC! Looking forward to hear what you think.
How to help stop violence by minors here in DC.
Rehersal Dinner locations?
Official OPM Announcement of Fed Government Closure by Noon.
Alright, let's talk OPM Wednesday.
Lost keys in Georgetown/Burleith/Rosslyn
Difference between zones and wards?
Tix to Oh Wonder show on 1/25
Boxing, Marital Arts classes in DC?
Craigslist marijuana delivery?
Smoke/fire at Forest Glen station
The DC McLaren P1 that crashed, pre-crash
Washington Employers With The Most Number Of Job Openings
The Knickerbocker Storm - Largest snowfall in DC history. The measured snow depth at the main site in Washington, D.C. reached 28 in while an observer in Rock Creek Park a few miles to the north measured 33 in. Can today's storm beat it?
Brilliant idea for our incoming disaster
Metro didn’t have to shut down
How much snow does it take to make your roof collapse?
VA GOV declares State of Emergency
Snow plow vs. car on Swann St
DC Schools will be closed on Friday
Anti-vandalism device seen in Capitol Hill
People with winter birthdays, what's the best birthday you've had within an hour's drive of D.C. and what did you do?
Hi all! I would love some feedback on my Instagram concept: DateSpottDC. I'm trying to expand to places across DC in the coming weeks.
The Onion's Blizzard Survival Tips
10 CorePower Yoga Classes for Sale! ($7 a class)
Full Closure List
Can we have a megathread for recent Midwesterners/Upstate-wherevers to talk about how much better their hometown handles an inch of snow?
Thank you, Taxi Cab (703) 898-6567, Alexandria, VA
Lost my phone in the snow around NoMa station
OPM closing tomorrow, announcement pending.
Best artisan salami delis
I'm visiting for a week!
Tourist Tuesday! Ask your questions that don't deserve their own thread here!
Visiting for first time
French Speakers &amp; Learners in DC - want to meet up?
Is a boiler replacement going to ruin my life?
Snowflake photography from the Smithsonian
The Top 25 Snowstorms in D.C. (Provide Your Predictions in the Comments)
"The Washington area has an estimated 12,000 people who are homeless, mostly in the District, according to a 2015 report by the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments."
Hundreds of D.C. homeless families to ride out storm in Maryland motels
Snow Plow truck stuck at 15th St and Euclid
short GoPro video of sledding on Capitol Hill during the snowverreaction
Seattle mayor wonders if he acted too late on homeless emergency
Bring Your Own Vinyl 1/20/16 @SongByrd in Adams Morgan-NoCover
Gray houses: A visual code for gentrification
D.C. briefly legalizes pot-smoking in private clubs — then reverses itself
Who likes to go out to eat?
Hitler is not happy with OPM.
OPM: Tuesday 1/26: Federal Offices Closed
[MEME] Let's check the death count from the killer storm bearing down on us like a shotgun full of snow!
Yes Organic on 14th. Open and fully stocked!!
Another video of a dog enjoying the snow? Not this one
Tons of sirens and helicopters in the Park View area, anyone know what's up?
Wednesday OPM Closure?
So I've been noticing this a lot on the metro lately. Why do people exit the train at a stop and get into the adjacent train?
So did anyone else not realize that it was going to snow tonight?
I saw two elementary school kids yell at a shop owner in Adams Morgan. Is there anything I could have / should have done?
Any thoughts on the DuPont Circle snowball fight?
Learning to code in DC
Friends in town. He wants "adult chill bar," she wants to dance. Where should I take them?
What is the best, most affordable seafood restaurant in the District?
Looking to meet new people?
Eastern market metro issues?
Anyone know if the Portrait Gallery will be open tomorrow?
Anybody have video from Channel 9 coverage today when female reporter interviewed guy in cow costume with new snow shoes? please share.
Snapchat me terrencenckay
This Site Likely Contains Sex!1ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my dooa
Trains and buses get back to normal on Metro
I checked something I never thought I would off my bucket list today.
And Here Is WMATA's Monday Plans -- Very Limited
Your morning icey commute today: a mess
Washingtonian piece on the Peeping Rabbi
[washingtondc] I'm sad! I kill his ex-girlfriend! She fucks with everyone! Bitch...
Washington, D.C., hasn't seen a blizzard like this in nearly 100 years
Seeking marriage counselor recommendations for stressful jobs couple (x-post /r/arlingtonvirginia)
Weather Prediction And Weather Hype
‘We’ll Be Moving Shortly,’ Says Train Conductor Waiting For Workers To Remove Dead Body From Tracks
Can't even see the Monument.
Lost rental car key
Thoughts on Monday
Lost Ring on the metro? 1/27
Last chance to register for the QS World MBA Tour in Washington DC
Where's your favorite "thinking spot" in DC?
Where to get used cross-country skis, boots, and bindings before the storm hits?
Sledding hill near Cathedral Heights?
Where can I take a non-credit graphic design course in DC?
Am I the only one concerned about the commute tomorrow morning?
What can I/we do to improve the WMATA?
Where's a good study spot in DC with fast, reliable WiFi? (Preferably free as well)
[MEME] My plan for this Friday and Weekend.
Puppy changes his mind about snow.
Stop refreshing OPM's Status page, OPM's decision for Wednesday not coming until 10pm.
An outside source -- Slate Magazine -- confirms that "This 'Blizzard for the Ages' Headed for the East Coast Is Very Much the Real Deal"
The Infuriating History of How Metro Got So Bad
Silver Spring Apartment Complex Quotes North Korean Dictator in Newsletter
D.C. to forgive thousands of parking tickets issued during snowstorm - The Washington Post
From Dr. Gridlock: "Mayor Bowser: DC does not plan to issue tickets to residents during the blizzard for failing to clear sidewalks."
Brutal Wind Chills Arriving; Big Snowstorm Coming?
This Is the Winning Design for the New World War I Memorial: One hundred years later, WWI will finally get a large-scale memorial in Washington, D.C.
[MEME] Mods right now
January outlook: More like winter, but still milder than normal with limited snow chances
Sunshine - for when the Sun eventually comes out again, and your power comes back on, consider a new weather app to use after DavidSnowie is over.
How will this weekend's storm be different from 2010's snowmageddon?
Washington DC subway map
Catholic University closed Monday
CNBC Now on Twitter: "JUST IN: United Airlines doesn't expect to resume operations in Washington DC area until Monday; plans limited NYC area-ops starting Sunday"
How long will the power outlet last during blizzard? (estimate)
Suggestions for cross country skiing?
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford
Long shot: I lost my wedding ring on P ST NW, between 14th and 15th, outside Wholefoods, last week.
Man shot in Shaw this morning, suspect at large.
Happy Hour #28: Friday, January 29 at 6 pm at Solly's
Do female hill staffers wear skirts in winter?
Best neighborhood for a family?
Attorney familiar with reassigning TOPA rights
Mosquitoes capable of carrying Zika virus found in Washington, D.C.
IMPACT is Working: Washington DC schools are improving because of a teacher rating system
Persons of Interest in the Red Line Metro Attack
DC Mayor apologized for inadequate response
Mayor Muriel Bowser on Twitter: "Snow emergency will be lifted at 6:30 p.m tomorrow (Wednesday). #DCDigOut #StaySafeDC https://t.co/djURv0iZza"
City paper continues to shill 12$ hummus. Pictures confirm it's not worth 12$
Traditional Afghan artists will bring "living art" to the heart of the US (Smithsonian's Freer|Sackler)
I too have made a dream metro map, where the organization isn't inept and streetcars are actually running
Our criminals are desperate, a century-old revolver in a nonstandard caliber?
[Shit Post] Looking for one to play Cranium right now in Mt. Pleasant
Another snowstorm might be on the way
Hi All! Would love to get some feedback on my local Instagram page: DateSpottDC which helps you explore date ideas in DC neighborhoods. Working on getting to more places in the coming weeks. If there's anything you'd like to see let me know!
Why is San Francisco always ahead of DC when it comes to enacting good social polices
Where to telework today?
OPM yellow status tomorrow?
Whoever prayed for this blizzard.........
Neighborhoods to Buy in DC/VA
Looking for suggestions for tomorrows possible commute home.
PSA to tourists and travelers that keep asking for advice:
Barber just increased their prices, any good alternatives?
Cheesy Portrait Needed
Any chance of OPM closure tomorrow, Tuesday 25 January?
Roof snow removal services?
How do I get my medical marijuana card in DC?
Is there a comprehensive guide for which car to board on the Metro, given the desire to make a transfer as efficiently as possible?
Design Meet Up Groups?
How often does the Blue Line run?
thinking of moving to Columbia heights DC
Beware: There's an IRS phone scam live now, coming from a 202 area code.
[PSA] Capitals game moved from 7pm to 5pm start time tomorrow
Snowstorm timelapse from NoMa - 1/22 to 1/24
The reason why the snow depth count was screwy at National Airport was because the FAA contractors lost their measuring stick in the snow.
Postcards from Washington DC [week 2]: Winter scene at Meridian Hill / Malcom X park (BONUS: snow fight pics)
Even Obama can't drive in this storm, motorcade took over an hour to get from Andrews to WH
East Coast blizzard may dump record snow on Washington
Trump Sign Vandalized at the Old Post Office – Future Hotel Project
DCSFA Presents Snowball Fights Across DC/NOVA
As storm approaches, services taper off for the old and frail
Old Guard covered in snow at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. (Murica!)
Old machines and missing dollars. Is D.C. ready for an election?
Some pics from Beach Drive
We finally managed to get a pathway through the snow.
What D.C. Should Demand of a New NFL Stadium: A plea to Virginia, Maryland, and District of Columbia leaders.
Metro to suspend bus and rail service during blizzard
Mice, bedbugs, broken heaters: What it takes for D.C. to sue a landlord for neglect
Interns posting Washington D.C./Congressional Internship Ratings online
Cab Companies Get More Mandates, While Little Pressure On Uber, Lyft To Expand Wheelchair-Friendly Service
OPM Wednesday Update
Almost All D.C. Metro Stations Will Open At 11 a.m. : DCist
Do kids shovel snow in cap hill?
I think this storm is going to be snow big deal.
DC Resident - Check out my new app - PeepAdvice (free for iPhone). When you are trying to decide between your top 2 choices/options - PeepAdvice will help. Appreciate any feedback as well.
There's a reason I wanted to document this: The Official Commute From Hell Thread from four years ago
Where To Put The Snow?
Firewood in Capitol Hill
Snow day indoor activities
Delivery pizza
The basement of the house I'm renting has broken asbestos tiles and my landlord never told me... what can I do?
Meet the Man Behind the D.C. Council’s Quirky Twitter Account - City Desk
Anyone know which bars will be weathering the storm this weekend?
McDonalds Egg McMuffin Free in DC area with App
Just a shout-out to local theater: I really enjoyed "Kiss Me, Kate" at the Shakespeare Company yesterday!
After The Blizzard of 2016
Metro service suspended this weekend due to impending winter storm
Something chill to enjoy this weekend
Another video of a dog enjoying the snow? Not this one
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for washingtondc
The International Space Station will be transiting across the moon tonight at 11:21pm! Get your cameras ready! [X-post from /r/astrophotography]
The real DC weather report.
Someone drove their suv into Dolcezza's factory yesterday. 4 hurt.
dc council: oops, we almost did something right there...
Class3Killstorm (snow storm) from The Simpsons
Hitler Learns that OPM Won't Close the Government
It was a long run
Does anyone have an information about what the firefighters, police officers, and EMT's were responding to in Foggy Bottom, on Tuesday the 26th?
Any observation decks in buildings?
Verizon Center question
A family saves a snow-bound piglet from freezing to death
DCPS CLOSED Monday
Want to learn more about the crazy world of virtual reality? Come to the DCVR meetup this Monday!
Track problem near L'Enfant is putting smoke into the station.
[washingtondc] My name is Sarah! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Rose's Luxury's owner gave a TED Talk
Capitals' Alexander Ovechkin becomes 5th fastest NHLer to score 500 goals
I am the only who takes living in DC for granted some times? Really is cool the stuff we can do here!
CNN can't resist insulting DC every three seconds in an article about snow.
Where are they now: former D.C. celebrity panda Tai Shan
Apple Foni Mac iPhone iPad Apple Trkiye Haberleri ve Sylentileri
I have terrible hope for the weekend storm if this is what tonight looks like
Gov't watching OPM like it's the Powerball
I have an emergency
My Washington, DC based small business is beginning to take off. Any recommendations for a good accountant in the area?
Need to sublease my apartment quickly, am I screwed?
Getting Across the Potomac
Most likely off all week... what should I do?
Essential Personnel, Sound Off. Who Else Is Working This Weekend?
Safe stargazing place at night in/close to DC
Security clearance for government internships and jobs
Best local bank? (x-post /r/nova)
The snow in DC is two bulldogs high.
Ovechkin Spotted Getting Gas To Plow Neighbors' Driveways; Is Unafraid Of Blizzard Because "We're From Russia"
[MEME] 400+ Accidents
Seems like everyone is making time lapse videos of the blizzard, here's mine
The definition of: "Your City has Shut Down"
5 of 6 Metro lines to operate Tuesday, fares return
[shitpost] tiny arms!
Bring your own vinyl 1/6/16 in Adams Morgan-free
Planned Parenthood Protest…At a location that has been closed for two months
Gargoyle on the National Cathedral, post-storm
Virginia Principal Threatens To Suspend Student for Recording; Student Records Anyway
Skiing down Pennsylvania Ave.
Everyone quick grab your Car2go and run your errands! TEMPORARY SERVICE PAUSE
DC Traffic is so bad that even winter storms get stuck
District police are battling blizzard-like conditions to find a 9-year-old boy who went missing Friday afternoon just as snow started to fall.
Station manager stabbed at Stadium-Armory
As long as we're on the subject of white powder, Cornell Jones, who sold a very different type of it, just pleaded guilty to $1.3M tax evasion and is going back to jail
Back alley still snowed in.
what will tourism / travel be like this fall?
DC nightlife on Thursday
Weekly Photography Thread! 01/25/16 to 01/31/16.
Recommendations for oil heat company
Community Development scene? (x-post r/urbanplanning)
Happy Hour #27: Friday 1/15 at 6 p.m. at Solly's
Just Put That Snow Anywhere
WMATA Sending Out Snow Removal Messages on Next Bus App
Post article: "How a rebellion altered Metro."
D.C. mayor pledges new era in open government and data sharing
Snowing in Alexandria, 12:53 PM. It's Started...
The Ultimate Guide to Snow Day Food and Drink Deals
Eight people taken to hospitals after police find suspicious substance at Longworth House building
Expect up to 15 min delays on the Red line this AM
Joke: Farragut North Station Manager Continues Shawshank-Style Tunnel to Farragut West
New York travel ban lifted, Washington at standstill after storm
Thai Consular Office on Kalorama Open?
Want 2 tickets to 9:30 Club World Fair Sat at 3 pm? Take em!
What's open right now
Out of town for Snowmageddon. Left one of my apartment windows open. What can I expect?
CLEAN THE SNOW OFF THE ROOF OF YOUR CAR.
Anyone know if there will be a free/discount membership for Capital Bikeshare again this year?
Re-parking your car after work (and after a blizzard)
Applies to: Monday, January 25, 2016 - Status: Federal Offices Are Closed
Can we petition Netflix to move up the House of Cards release date to give us something to do while snowquestergeddoned?
Washington, D.C., snowfall total called into question after improper measurement (Actual number believed larger than reported)
At long last, Beard Papas (Japanese cream puff chain) is open!
Why does it seem like there are so many sirens in D.C.? Blame Pierre L'Enfant
About ten sets of sirens down 16th street. Does anyone know what happened?
My time lapse video of the storm in DC
My neighborhood last weekend (Florida ave NE)
Will Sommer Breaks Down 'Real Housewives Of Potomac' E01
ABC7: As a reminder: D.C. public schools will be closed AS WILL D.C. government. #DigOutDC #DiggingOut2016
District leaders furious Walmart breaking promise to build stores in poor neighborhoods
D.C. breaks record for absence of snow so deep into winter
Best thing to do on Presidents' Day in DC?
Without Water, MLK Library Is Closed For The Day
Meeting single women in DC
We did it, people!
This morning's sunrise, 1/24/2016
ICYMI: /r/WashingtonDC is hosting a Live Feed for reddit to stay updated directly from local residents.
JuThe situation is quickly deteriorating. People are getting defensive.
Never been in a snowstorm before. Is it unreasonable to be very annoyed by this? Wed. ~noon
Question Ward 1 Residents
Do you guys think it's safe to get weed on Craigslist in DC?
Pond Skate before the storm?
Metro service for Tuesday
Best wheelchair accessible businesses for dining and drinking
Places with accessible rooftops?
DC Intern, where to live!?
DC Weekend Guide Jan. 14, 2016 - Jan. 17, 2016
Accessible parking in Dupont?
Anything special I should know about DC-MD tax reciprocity, or is it pretty straightforward?
South African tourist looking for things to do
A Historic Bank May Become D.C.'s Newest Museum
Panicked D.C. Residents Clear Out Supermarket’s Cheese Aisle -- It's a real struggle to survive out there.
DAMN YOU, SNOW!
DC Transit streetcar crossing over Arizona Avenue, 1960s
Took a stroll earlier... Columbia Heights.
Mayor Muriel Bowser on Twitter: "Last night the District failed to deploy the necessary resources in response to the snow - for that I am sorry."
D.C. mayor clashes with a top city lawmaker on plans to combat crime
DC’s New Chocolate Company Is What the Mast Brothers Wanted to Be
Hoops and stuff at Rose Park
The Difference Between Washington D.C. and Philadelphia, In Two Blizzard ‘Dibs’ Signs
The start of a Buzzard Point renaissance? First mixed-use project proposed for waterfront
Bad Saint review: A Filipino restaurant packs big tastes into a small package
Map: Explore the Distilleries and Breweries of NoMa and Ivy City: DCist
OPM: Open w/ unscheduled telework and noon dismissal
Stephanie Abrams says "Jonas not a player but he crushes alot" live on TWC.
quick metro question
I lived through Boston snowmageddon 2015..then I moved here
Moving to Georgia Ave/Petworth Metro area. Looking for updated info on safety.
Seeing a concert at the verizon center on Monday -- dive bars nearby?
Republic Wireless Service Tanked?
Redditors, can you help me identify this couple in the blizzard? (x-post from r/arlingtonva)
Mother and I had quite a fight, you understand.
Shovel to borrow in Glover park
Travel before vs after the storm?
How's the parking situation on 14th Street NW?
Dupont snowball fight today
Be safe out there folks - U.S. Capitol Police officer dies shoveling snow at home
What are the most popular food blogs in DC?
Best of Craigslist. M4M "SNG" kink.
Trust me Fuzz, you don't want to go out there.
SnowZilla Cam - Live view of Blizzard2016 from Franconia VA - hoping we catch some thundersnow!
I want to learn more about this community, and how I might be able to live there, can you help (rent) [Video] [SW waterfront]
PSA: car2go will not be operating beginning from 9pm tonight until further notice.
Sign up and find us with a friеnd, it will bе hоt.
Annual March for Life is going ahead on Friday, despite storm forecast
DC booze preferences by neighborhood according to Drizly
Georgetown B&amp;O Branch proposed extension circa 1893 | Washington DC and Northern Virginia
Bunch of great guys ..
Guys, this is just from the dusting this evening
Selling my smartrip card, over $900!
The DC Blizzard (in haiku)
SELLING 2 tkts to "Oh Hello" w/ Nick Kroll and John Mullaney, 2/14 @ the Warner Theatre
Who's your ISP, what plan do you have, how much do you pay?
Weekend or Event guides
YSK: Free Lynda.com (tons of professional development videos on every subject) for DC residents!
As of 8:07 PM @DCDPW Had Issued 2,790 $250 tickets to cars parked on snow emergency routes. 313 vehicles have been towed
At least this storm has a bad ass theme song
Has Your Street Been Plowed? Check Out the DC Snow Response Reporting System
Arlington Snowball Fight? (x-post r/nova)
[MEME] What I've figured out ever since y'all were allowed to post memes...
WMATA Needs to Expand Wireless Service to Metrorail Stations and Tunnels
Annual Indie Arcade Hosted at American University's Game Lab
https://csgoclick.com/click.php?c=xkttaq
Veteran run DC nonprofit saving the lives of Afghan and Iraqi combat interpreters who saved American lives in combat.
Lease Question, didn't see answer in guide.
CWG picked the lamest possible names to name this storm.
Reporter looking for story ideas
Valentine's Day restaurant suggestions on a budget?
A 6 hour by 6 hour play by play of how the entire winter storm will unfold
Alright, let's talk OPM Tuesday.
ANC5D's Kathy "you're out of order" Henderson voted out as chair. Adam Roberts is in.
free (bolt)bus tickets to NY for this snowy weekend
World Bank Ambiance Noises?
So where is the giant DC snowball fight going to happen?
Can we expect more snow this winter?
Silver Spring snowball fight?
What's a great fancy restaurant I can take a girl to that won't destroy my wallet
Where can I buy succulents in DC?
What laws are there against street performers/buskers? Specifically artists
[meme] Just trying to stay positive...
Most important announcement yet: DC Streetcar will suspend simulator service at 5 pm in line with Metro bus unless weather conditions require an earlier closing
Meanwhile, at 7th and Florida...(not my picture)
washing machine in Perth
D.C. officers oust union leader; new chairman vows to work with Lanier
Significant snow storm more and more likely. You like that, /r/DC!
Walmart backs out of commitment to build stores in Ward 7.
