Possible to have natural sorting in a Wikipedia page table?
Works inspired by J. R. R. Tolkien
Go-fast boat - A small, fast boat used during the Prohibition, designed with a long narrow platform and a planing hull to enable it to reach high speeds.
Egyptian Ratscrew
[NSFW] Breast ironing - The pounding and massaging of a pubescent girl's breasts, using hard or heated objects, to try to make them stop developing or to disappear.
Trinitite: Greenish glass formed from the New Mexico sands melted by the explosion of Trinity, the world's first nuclear detonation, on July 16, 1945.
Calculus Controversy
A libertine is one devoid of most moral restraints, which are seen as unnecessary or undesirable, especially one who ignores accepted morals and forms of behaviour sanctified by the larger society...
"The Diffie–Hellman key exchange method allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to jointly establish a shared secret key over an insecure channel"
Temple garments are sometimes derided as "magic underwear" by non-Mormons, but Mormons view this terminology to be both misleading and offensive.
Robert's Rules of Order
Some Western writers have stated Muhammad had a favorite cat, Muezza.[239] He is reported to have loved cats so much, "he would do without his cloak rather than disturb one that was sleeping on it"
Chindōgu - A functional, ideal solution to a problem that simultaneously starts so many new problems, or causes so much social embarrassment, as to be practically useless.
"The Soviet KGB used a similar but nonlethal technique for extracting confessions: a naked prisoner was placed in a cramped wooden closet containing hundreds or even thousands of bedbugs, and left there for several hours, suffering considerable pain from the insects' bites."
User:Acroterion - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (THIS IS NOT A JOKE I AM THE ANONYMOUS COLLECTIVE) BOW DOWN FAGS
All Roads Lead To Philosophy
victims of Al Capone, and his explanation for why each was killed
Dialetheism - Not a religion, but statements such as: "All statements are true" is a false statement.
Duck test (complete with a video of "A mallard, walking like a duck")
Agnotology: the study of culturally induced ignorance or doubt, particularly the publication of inaccurate or misleading scientific data
Bride price - is an amount of money, property or other form of wealth paid by a groom or his family to the parents of the woman he has just married or is just about to marry.
David Bowie - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Taharrush gamea
Mojave phone booth
Köppen climate classification
1983 West Bank fainting epidemic
There are some reasons to think that the [avocado] fruit, with its mildly toxic pit, may have coevolved with Pleistocene megafauna to be swallowed whole and excreted in their dung, ready to sprout. No extant native animal is large enough to effectively disperse avocado seeds in this fashion.
Double Dragon 3: The Rosetta Stone
Good Friday Agreement - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Lowest temperature recorded on Earth
Participant 1: "Your mother eats shit." Participant 2: "Your mother eats shit and mustard."
Love triangle - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Nominative determinism (ND) is the hypothesis that a person's name can have a significant role in determining key aspects of job, profession or even character.
The ridiculously long list of works by Stephen King adapted to film and television.
List of Fictional Guidebooks
Looking for an article that I cannot remember
is ray kurzweil immortal?
Like My Page And Share It To Yours One. Wikipedia
Steatopygia: a condition possibly explaining why people of certain ancestries are more predisposed to having larger butts or thighs (NSFW)
Ajit Gulabchand - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Hobo nickel - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
French Wars of Religion
Transatlantic tunnel
Ochroma pyramidale (Balsa) - Being a deciduous angiosperm, balsa is classified as a hardwood despite the wood itself being very soft. It is the softest commercial hardwood.
"The second century anti-Christian philosopher Celsus wrote that Jesus was "ugly and small". Justin Martyr, Tertullian, and Ambrose actually considered lack of physical attractiveness in Jesus as fulfilling the Messianic prophecy "Suffering Servant" narrative of Isaiah 53."
Cat communication
Inukai Tsuyoshi - Charlie Chaplin was almost assassinated in Japan
Figure with Meat- painting Joker likes in Tim Burton's Batman
John Ausonius - An attempted serial killer
The Smurfette Principle
Turtles all the way down
15 years for Wikipedia
Shower-curtain effect - there is no definite explanation as to why shower curtains blow inward during a shower
Death of Jimi Hendrix - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Ben Franklin effect
The Nika riots took place over the course of a week in Constantinople in AD 532. It was the most violent riot in the history of Constantinople, with nearly half the city being burned or destroyed and tens of thousands of people killed.
Muhammad Saad al-Beshi
Victims killed by Al Capone and the reasons he gave for killing them
Cocaine (medical) - "Excerpts of the [WHO] report strongly conflicted with accepted paradigms, for example 'that occasional cocaine use does not typically lead to severe or even minor physical or social problems.'" The publication was subsequently banned.
Non-player character - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Capitol Offense is an American rock band. It is most notable for its bassist, Mike Huckabee, who is the former Governor of Arkansas and former 2008 Republican candidate for President of the United States.
The South Butt.
Annual Wikipedia fundraiser raises community hackles
The alleged eschatological and survivalist thrill some people derive from predicting, reading and fantasizing about the collapse of civil society through the destruction of the world's economic system.
Fritz Haber - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Patterson–Gimlin film
Autonomous sensory meridian response
History of the Cleveland Rams - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Bondage pants - trousers with zippers, straps, chains, rings and buckles, giving an appearance of a BDSM style...many early punks have said the origins of the pants were from homeless people who put straps on their pants so they could hold on to a train
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars
In 1988, Alcee Hastings became the 6th federal judge in US history to be removed from office by the Senate (he was convicted of bribery and perjury). He is currently the US Representative from Florida's 20th District.
Wrinkling of the skin when hands are soaked in water does not occur to people with nerve damage
All persons fictitious disclaimer
A beard does not constitute a philosopher
Parapsychology is a pseudoscience concerned with the investigation of paranormal and psychic phenomena which includes telepathy, precognition, clairvoyance, psychokinesis, near-death experiences, reincarnation, apparitional experiences, and other paranormal claims
Kasongo Ilunga - Although elected Minister of Foreign Trade for the Democratic Republic of the Congo, no one knows whether Ilunga exists or not.
Osedax is a genus of deep-sea siboglinid polychaetes, commonly called boneworms, zombie worms, or bone-eating worms. Osedax is Latin for "bone-eating". The name alludes to how the worms bore into the bones of whale carcasses to reach enclosed lipids, on which they rely for sustenance.
The important facts about VIRILITY X3
How to change Wikipedia's default font?
Need help in making my company's wikipedia page up.
Musique concrète
The Northwest Angle - A piece of Minnesota that lies north of the 49th parallel and is disconnected from rest of the United States
"Dirty Duck fared better on home video and is now considered a cult film."
15th january 2015, Wikipedia Celebrate its 15th Birthday
Why Wikipedia is top on Google: the SEO truth no-one wants to hear
Oxford Internet Institute marks 15 years of Wikipedia
Experimental evolution - a field of science that tests evolutionary hypotheses and theories by using controlled experiments
The page on fire glass is lacking in information.
Forest swastika - A gigantic swastika made of larch trees that went unnoticed for nearly sixty years
wikipedia warnings extension?
Interestingly, a stipulation within his divorce papers demanded that while on the Sanford family's Coosaw plantation, "no airplanes will be flown at children". The papers also noted that Sanford liked to "unwind" by digging holes on the property with his hydraulic excavator.
Oceanic Airlines and less frequently Oceanic Airways are names of fictional airlines used in several films, television programs, and comic books; typically works that feature plane crashes and other aviation disasters, with which a real airline would prefer not to be associated.
It's Wikipedia's 15th Birthday!!!
Charlie Smith - the self-proclaimed world's oldest ex-slave who died in 1979, at a claimed 133 years old
Burned-over district - term referring to Western New York State, an area so heavily evangelized in the Great Awakening that it was considered to have no 'fuel,' i.e. unconverted population, left to burn.
Naruto Dublado Episódio 003 Sasuke e Sakura Amigos ou Inimigos TELA ...
[wikipedia] S*x Dаting Free Bаse. Free ассess аvаilаble 2 hоurs. Hurry up!
Jim Bridger, the young man portrayed in The Revenant
[wikipedia] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:nnnnoit
The Selkirk Hurdle: there is no freight rail crossing of the Hudson River south of Albany, so trains travelling south from NYC must take a 280-mile detour or float across on barges
Wikipedia editors sign vote of no confidence
Principality of Outer Baldonia ~ Great writing in this article
Northwest Angle - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article on a Pakistani fort is in dire need of revision. Typos and major objectivity issues here.
Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003
Decian persecution
Stirling Engine - Because it is compatible with alternative and renewable energy sources it could become increasingly significant as the price of conventional fuels rises, and also in light of concerns such as peak oil and climate change.
Complaint tablet to Ea-nasir
Diogenes syndrome - Also known as senile squalor syndrome, it is a disorder characterized by extreme self-neglect, domestic squalor, social withdrawal, apathy, compulsive hoarding of garbage, and lack of shame.
Amy Winehouse - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"On February 15, 1800, the New York State Legislature ceded the island to the federal government, for the construction of a defensive fort to be built there...By the time it was chosen for the Statue of Liberty, the base was disused and its walls were used as the distinctive base for the Statue"
The Yaminawá (Iaminaua, Jaminawa, Yawanawa) are an indigenous people who live in Acre (Brazil), Madre de Dios (Peru), and Bolivia.
what will wikipedia do if i use a photo that isn't mine?
Everyday carry - small collection of items that are carried
Carl Brutananadilewski
Ephemera - Printed matter that is not meant to be preserved, such as tickets, pamphlets, or catalogs.
A causal loop is a problem in the philosophy of time travel where an event is among the causes of another event, which in turn is among the causes of the first-mentioned event
Ophiocordyceps unilateralis - Contains a terrifying description of how this parasitic fungus alters the behaviors of its infected ant hosts, including inducing seizures, lockjaw, hyphae "invading soft tissuesm" to fruiting bodies sprouting from their heads.
Argument to moderation — also known as argument from middle ground, false compromise, gray fallacy, and the golden mean fallacy — is an informal fallacy which asserts that the truth can be found as a compromise between two opposite positions. This fallacy's opposite is the false dilemma
Mithraic mysteries
Programming languages used in most popular websites
The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle
Anyone else only being given the mobile-style site despite a lack of "en.m." in the url?
Light Pillar - a type of halo caused by reflection of light from ice crystals in the air.
The origin of water on Earth, or the reason that there is clearly more liquid water on the Earth than on the other rocky planets of the Solar System, is not completely understood.
Wishing a 15th Birthday Wikipedia
Ophiocordyceps sinensis - A fungus that infects caterpillars, eating them out from the inside and sprouting distinct fruiting bodies from their hosts heads. The infected caterpillars are highly valued in traditional herbal medicine.
LGM-30 Minuteman
The China GPS shift problem
Bioluminescent fungi emit a greenish light at a wavelength of 520–530 nm. The light emission is continuous and occurs only in living cells.
Impact of Native American gaming
Sheela na gig - carvings of naked women displaying an exaggerated vulva to ward off death and evil
1916 Cumberland vs. Georgia Tech football game - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Glacier Girl is a Lockheed P-38 Lightning World War II fighter plane that was restored to flying condition after being buried beneath ice of a remote Greenland ice sheet for over 50 years.
Gallium - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Giant List of Gods
Vitiligo - a skin condition that causes skin to lose pigmentation. Michael Jackson suffered from it.
The Wikipedia page for "Love Actually" features a chart clarifying the interconnections between each character in the film.
#Wikipedia15: Happy Birthday Wikipedia, Thanks For Making Us Knowledgeable Over The Years
What to answer a Japanese Slit-Mouthed Woman
Smartphone patent wars
"He is most famous for successfully defrauding a Brazilian man of $242 million"
Megalopyge opercularis, the "Trump-Hair Caterpillar"
WHO Model List of Essential Medicines - A list by the World Health Organization of drugs every hospital ought to have
List of tautological place names
A Shibboleth is a word or custom whose variations in pronunciation or style can be used to differentiate members of ingroups from those of outgroups. Within the mindset of the ingroup, a connotation or value judgment of correct/incorrect or superior/inferior can be ascribed to the two variants.
Psychology of Music Preference
Mount Sunflower is the highest natural point in the state of Kansas... [but is] indistinguishable from the surrounding terrain.
Racial Equality Proposal - An early Japanese proposal for human rights/equality which was rejected by the US and Britain
Captain Midnight
Read about Anatoly Moskvin on Reddit a few weeks ago and was surprised to find he didn't have a Wikipedia page, so I decided to write him one...
A 1962 nuclear explosion in space knocked out 300 streetlights in Hawaii (Wikipedia).
Alert, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada, is the northernmost permanently inhabited place in the world....Its permanent population was reported as zero in the 2011 census....
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaylord
The interesting and sad life of Catherina Margaretha Linck. The last woman in Europe to be executed for being a lesbian.
"In November 2006, the incident was voted top running moment in history in the UK from a choice of ten 'unforgettable moments'.[84]"
Want to make a new Wikipedia page for notable invention, would like to speak with those who have made them before
Wikipedia Japanese was under sabotage minutes ago
"The Battle of Dorking" is an 1871 novella depicting a (successful) German invasion of England. It began an entire genre called Invasion Fiction.
Implant (Magnetic) - Small, strong neodymium magnets implanted under the skin (usually the fingertips). These implants allow any source of magnetic fields (security gates, live wires, microwaves, etc.) to be felt by the individual as vibrations, each unique to its object.
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [wikipedia]
Bata Kindai Amgoza ibn LoBagola
Bilderberg Group - Every year, 120-150 of the most powerful and influential members of politics, academia, media, and finance meet in private. Due to its elite membership and discreet nature, the group has become a popular target for conspiracy theorists.
In 1961, two 3.8 megaton hydrogen bombs were dropped accidentally near Goldsboro, North Carolina after a B-52 aircraft broke up in mid air. Five of the six arming mechanisms on one of the bombs activated. The parachute allowed that bomb to hit the ground with little damage.
A man attempted to hijack a FedEx cargo plane with the intention of crashing it so his family could collect his insurance policy. He attacked the crew with a hammer and a spear gun.
On the Detection and Overthrow of the So-Called Gnosis
Semantic satiation
Political repression in the Soviet Union
The Ring Ding/Ding Dong conflict - A turf war between Ding Dongs and their competitor, Ring Dings. Big Wheels, now called Ding Dongs, and Ring Dings, temporarily called King Dons, could not be sold in the same area.
Screamin' Jay Hawkins - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
TIL on the basis of Vanilla Ice's good looks and dance moves, Public Enemy tried to convince their producer, Hank Shocklee, to sign Ice to Def Jam.
Wikipedia is celebrating its 15th birthday with a new source of cash
The Mean center of the United States population and how it has changed over time
Maple syrup urine disease
Mark Henry - Mark "The Sexual Chocolate" Henry is an American powerlifter, Olympic weightlifter, strongman and professional wrestler. To this day, his five lift total is still the greatest in history by a fair amount—making him arguably one of the strongest men that ever lived.
CAPTCHA is sometimes described as a reverse Turing test. This term is ambiguous because it could also mean a Turing test in which the participants are both attempting to prove they are the computer.
God's eye (Ojo de Dios)
Charles L. McGaha crossed an open road under fire to move a men to safety, rallied troops after the Platoon leader was wounded, removed 2 more soilders after a shell exploded, and collapsed from loss of blood and exhaustion after the last man was in a new position. (x-post from /r/todayilearned)
United States presidential election, 1968
Development of Grand Theft Auto V
[NSFW] Pearling (body modification) - The practice of permanently inserting small beads made of various materials beneath the skin of the genitals. Pearling is most popular among imprisoned Yakuza, with each pearl supposedly symbolizing a year spent in prison.
User talk:Electricbassguy - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia TALK AT ME BRO
Nightingale floor - A traditional Japanese wooden floor designed to sound like nightingales when walked upon, to help detect trespassers at night. The noise was generated by specially-designed flooring nails and clamps.
Draped her arms
Fatal dog attacks in the United States - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Whither Wikidata? - Andreas Kolbe
Astronomers have identified 2MASS J0523-1403 as representative of the smallest possible stars. Its small radius is at local minimums of the radius-luminosity and radius-temperature trends. This star is 42 light years from Earth and could fit inside Jupiter.
And yet it moves
Seafood Watch (http://www.seafoodwatch.org/) is one of the best known sustainable seafood advisory lists
Oliver (chimpanzee)
In the past week, over 5 million people went to the David Bowie article on English Wikipedia
Some types of Swiss cheese have a distinctive appearance, as the blocks of the cheese are riddled with holes known as "eyes". Swiss cheese without eyes is known as "blind".
The Macy Conferences was a set of meetings to promote meaningful communication across scientific disciplines and restore unity to science. Topics included cybernetics, aging, biological antioxidants, connective tissues, infancy and childhood, nerve impulse, problems of consciousness...
List of game engines
Desert Storm trading cards - a set of trading cards collected by American kids during the Gulf War, depicting US army people and equipment
Shadow Cabinet (leave your tinfoil hats at the door)
Character actor
DaForce Out on the boat (footage)
Comparison of consumer brain–computer interfaces
Information, challenge, debate; SOMETHING!
Wikipedia Reliability Test
Updated: the story of Wikipedia and libraries is being rewritten around the world this week with #1Lib1Ref
Facebook Celebrating 12th Birthday on 4 February 2016
Republic Day | 26 January - Wikipedia
Four Horsemen (Supreme Court) - The Four Horsemen would ride in a car to and from the Court together to coordinate positions and arguments. They were bitterly opposed to the New Deal policies for unemployment and economic recovery
Tsui Po-ko, killed while ambushing two fellow Hong Kong police constables
Black hole starship
Moffett's Solution - Moffett's solution is a mixture of adrenaline, sodium bicarbonate and cocainethat is used to provide topical analgesia.
Shannon Briggs - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Octobriana - a Russian comic superheroine
1999 South Dakota Learjet crash
John Dee … was an English born, Welsh mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, occult philosopher, imperialist, and adviser to Queen Elizabeth I. He devoted much of his life to the study of alchemy, divination and Hermetic philosophy.
Lanier University was a short-lived university established in 1917 in Atlanta. It was sold to the Ku Klux Klan in 1921, closed in 1922, and then became a synagogue in 1949.
[wikipedia] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
A zipper, zip, fly or zip fastener was known as a clasp locker
Iran was forced to help the Allies fight the Axis in World War II. This resulted in two short-lived governments: Azerbaijan People's Government and the Republic of Mahabad.
In the Catholic Church, the belief that one religion is as good as another, and that all religions are equally valid paths to salvation, is believed to be obviously false, on the grounds that nobody honestly believes that
Advertisement on Wikipedia will look like this
Obsolete Golf Clubs
2011 San Fernando massacre
List of burn centers in the United States - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Proposal for King of the United States
Andrianampoinimerina was born Ramboasalamarazaka (short form: Ramboasalama)[1] around 1745 in Ikaloy, in central Madagascar, to Princess Ranavalonandriambelomasina, daughter of King Andriambelomasina of Imerina (1730-1770), and her husband Andriamiaramanjaka...
On January 13, 1910, the first public radio broadcast was an experimental transmission of a live Metropolitan Opera House performance
Operation Hyacinth
Copyleft (play on the word Copyright)
Dogs playing poker
[Meta] Annual Wikipedia fundraiser raises community hackles
Nomic - the game of making and changing rules.
Interest is an emotion, and yes, it has a facial expression (dilated pupils etc)
Two [French intelligence] operatives sank the flagship of the Greenpeace fleet, the Rainbow Warrior in the port of Auckland, New Zealand on its way to a protest against a planned French nuclear test in Moruroa.
Duga RADAR - AKA "Russian Woodpecker"
An exclusive economic zone (EEZ) is a sea zone prescribed by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea over which a state has special rights regarding the exploration and use of marine resources
Wikipedia Turns 15: Jimmy Wales Speaks About The Diversity Struggle And Advice For News Media
The royal descendants of John William Friso, Prince of Orange currently occupy all the hereditary European royal thrones, with Friso and his wife, Landgravine Marie Louise of Hesse-Kassel, being the most recent common ancestors of all the European monarchs.
The contentious 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago
Corticogenesis - the process in which the cerebral cortex is created
Essex (whaleship) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Pedology - surprisingly not the study of pedophiles
Through the War of the Roses, Elizabeth of York was successively the daughter, sister, niece, then wife of the concurrent King of England
User contributions for DownvoteVictim
Guyana Esequiba - A region of Guyana claimed by Venezuela that constitutes about 75 percent of the country's area.
The Tale of the Princes of Vladimir
The Russian city of Norlisk. A place where the pollution is so severe that mining the surface soil is now economically feasible because it contains so much platinum and palladium...
Bean, Beans, the Musical Fruit (someone has too much time on their hands)
Nuclear football
Planet Nine is the name given to a large icy planet proposed to exist in the outer Solar System
List of things named after Donald Trump
What is a VIN number
According to a 2012 official survey 22.6% of the population of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast adhere to Russian Orthodoxy... Judaism is practiced by 0.2% of the population.
In days of old, astronomers gave each object they discovered a symbol for convenience - which worked fine until they started discovering a bunch of asteroids.
Bald-hairy - a common joke in Russian political discourse, referring to the empirical rule of the state leaders' succession defined as a change of a bald leader with a hairy one and vice versa.
There are currently no end of the world predictions until 2020.
"Chewbacca's voice was created by the original films' sound designer, Ben Burtt, from recordings of walruses, lions, camels, bears, rabbits, tigers, and badgers in Burtt's personal menagerie."
More valuable than its weight in gold, Octanitrocubane - the high explosive that won't detonate, should you decide to wack at it with a hammer...
List of conspiracy theories
Café au lait spot
Ark of Taste - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Mennonites in Belize
Hayflick limit
Alief (mental state) - I believe this is an interesting article, but I alieve that you won't agree...?
Deep-fried pizza - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Meatball - the many variations of the meatball across the world
How reliable is wikipedia as a source of information?
The Cabanagem was a bloody revolt in the Brazilian Amazon, killing perhaps 35,000 people between 1835 and 1840
Gombe Chimpanzee War
Conflation - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
How do "recent edit patrollers" learn that an article has been recently edited?
List of ghosts
Editors demand ouster of Wikimedia board member involved in “no-poach” deal
I really hate when people in this subreddit are too lazy to describe why the wiki page is important.
Ildebrando Zacchini, creator of the human canonball
List of submarine incidents since 2000
List of cities claimed to be built on seven hills
Wichita State Shockers
Cosmic latte - the average color of the universe
Confidence trick
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
Misattribution of arousal
How Wikipedia’s silent coup ousted our traditional sources of knowledge
Rat Park - a study into drug addiction
Certain genus of Carpenter ants can explode suicidally as an ultimate act of defense.
A maternal insult (also referred to as a "yo mama" joke) is a reference to a person's mother through the use of phrases such as "your mother" or other regional variants, frequently used to insult the target by way of their mother.
David Bowie bonds: securitizing music sales
Atlantropa: Draining of the Mediterranean
Hyperfocal distance
Death of Gram Parsons
The Library of Babel - a vast library containing all possible 410-page books of a certain format and character set
Carl Emil Pettersson
Lowline: a project to create an underground, green park in NYC, with sunlight piped in by fibre optics.
Lissencephaly, which literally means smooth brain, is a rare brain formation disorder caused by defective neuronal migration during the 12th to 24th weeks of gestation resulting in a lack of development of brain folds (gyri) and grooves (sulci).
A drinking game that never ends.
Snatiation - sneezing when you're too full
'Pataphysics is a branch of philosophy or science that examines imaginary phenomena that exist in a world beyond metaphysics; it is the science of imaginary solutions...
Table of wildcat sounds. PAAAH!
We all can relate with this one. HBD Wiki
My pick for the most interesting article on Wikipedia: Pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contact theories
A theory behind why veins, rivers, tree branches, etc are all designed the same way
List of city nicknames in the United States - with 1309 citations, it has the most references on Wikipedia!
List of Jewish superheroes
Second Intifada
Waco siege - a siege of a compound belonging to the religious group Branch Davidians by American federal and Texas state law enforcement and US military
Toxoplasma gondii - Rodents, and to a lesser extent, humans infected by this parasite have their behavior around cats altered to favor cat predation (the only host in which T.Gondii can reproduce sexually).
University of Chicago sit-ins, featuring Bernie Sanders
Womb fury - A now-debunked disease once linked to female hysteria, thought to be brought about by the presence of a hymen.
According to the Guinness Book of Records, Prague Castle is the largest ancient castle in the world, occupying an area of almost 70,000 m2, at about 570 meters in length and an average of about 130 meters wide.
Wikipedia:Wikipedia records
Attack on Mers-el-Kébir - a battle between the British and French during World War II
Issus coleoptratus - The nymphs of this insect have a small, gear-like structure on the base of each of their hind legs. These gears have teeth that intermesh, keeping the legs synchronized when the insect jumps, preventing it from spiraling.
The Jack Abramoff Native American lobbying scandal was a United States political scandal relating to the work performed by political lobbyists Jack Abramoff, Ralph E. Reed, Jr., Grover Norquist and Michael Scanlon on Native American casino gambling interests for an estimated $85 million in fees.
"Sheep Letter" is the oldest surviving document of the Faroe Islands, a royal decree from A.D. 1298.
Fishing down the food web is the process whereby fisheries in a given ecosystem, "having depleted the large predatory fish on top of the food web, turn to increasingly smaller species, finally ending up with previously spurned small fish and invertebrates."
" Tax havens have 1.2% of the world's population and hold 26% of the world's wealth, including 31% of the net profits of United States multinationals. An estimated £13-20 trillion is hoarded away in offshore accounts."
Angelman syndrome - A neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by severe intellectual and developmental disability, jerky movements (especially hand-flapping), frequent laughter or smiling, and usually a happy demeanor.
Concealing objects in a book
Abrasive blasting
Weasel program - The weasel program is a thought experiment based on the infinite monkey theorem, demonstrating that the process that drives evolutionary systems is different from pure chance.
Every New Year's, and it's still 2015 for me (NY) I look at the people who died January 1
List of NFL Nicknames (entire teams, individual players, stadiums/places, fans, rules named after NFL figures, "other")
Bubba the Super Grouper - the first fish to undergo chemotherapy
A Nazi hunter is a private individual who tracks down and gathers information on alleged former Nazis, SS members and Nazi collaborators involved in the Holocaust, typically for use at trial on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity
Vasili Arkhipov
A late bloomer is a person whose talents or capabilities are not visible to others until later than usual, in some cases only in old age...
Timeline of Snapchat
Tehching Hsieh
Republic Day- 26 January- Wikipedia
The octobass is an extremely large bowed string instrument that was first built around 1850 in Paris by the French luthier Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume (1798–1875). It has three strings, and is a larger version of the double bass. One in The Musée de la Musique in Paris measures 3.48 meters in length.
List of foods named after people
What are the most-edited articles through Wikipedia’s history?
Homosexual panic - A psychological disorder of "panic due to the pressure of uncontrollable perverse sexual cravings", caused by excessive exposure to members of the same sex.
Leeroy Jenkins - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
With the advent of solar-powered desalinization projects that provide water to the Bay, the Hetch Hetchy reservoir could be drained and restored to its former beauty.
A faithless elector is a member of the United States Electoral College who does not vote for the presidential or vice presidential candidate for whom he or she had pledged to vote
Witch's milk or neonatal milk is milk secreted from the breasts of some newborn human infants of either sex. Neonatal milk secretion is considered a normal physiological occurrence and no treatment or testing is necessary.
God Speed is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton. The painting was exhibited in the Royal Academy of Arts in 1900.
Dead baby jokes
Idealism is the group of philosophies which assert that reality, or reality as we can know it, is fundamentally mental...
The Quebec Biker war (1994-2002) claimed more than 150 lives and resulted in the incarceration of over 100 bikers
[wikipedia] My name is AngieParekh, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
I was looking up strange food and came across this. Milbenkäse; a German cheese that is made with the help of cheese mites.
Finger-counting
La Línea, the enforcement arm of the Juárez Cartel and responsible for some of Mexico's most notorious massacres
Spectral evidence was testimony that the accused witch's spirit (i.e. spectre) appeared to the witness in a dream or vision (for example, a black cat or wolf).
Blinkenlights - This term derives from the last word of the famous blackletter-Gothic sign in mangled mock German that once graced about half the computer rooms in the English-speaking world.
This instagram account collects some of the most bizarre images on wikipedia and presents them removed from their context, sometimes with hilarious results
Iraqi University - the university with the best "Notable Alumni" section
Spectrophilia is sexual attraction to ghosts or sexual arousal from images in mirrors, as well as the phenomenon of sexual encounters between ghosts and humans.
Famous people associated with cryonics but who were not cryopreserved
Pox party - A pox party is a social activity where children are deliberately exposed to an infectious disease, supposedly to promote immunity. They are now discouraged by public health officials in favor of vaccination.
Neuticles - Patented, prosthetic testicular implants for neutered dogs and other domestic animals. Over 500,000 pairs have been sold.
The Kármán line, or Karman line, lies at an altitude of 100 kilometres (62 mi) above the Earth's sea level, and commonly represents the boundary between the Earth's atmosphere and outer space.
Comparison of ancient Indian philosophies
Cucking stool - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Blue laws in Paramus, New Jersey forbid the performance of any "worldly employment" on Sunday, even work performed inside one's own home, with some exceptions.
Lake Peigneur Drilling Disaster (1980) - drilling platform swallowed by massive whirlpool in man-made disaster.
Most popular Wikipedia articles of 2015
List of photographs of Abraham Lincoln
August curse - the theory that the month of August, in mother Russia, is a particularly dangerous time...
The 15 strangest and most interesting entries on Wikipedia
Cymothoa exigua - A parasitic crustacean that replaces the tongue of its host. It severs the tongue's blood vessels, consumes it, then latches on to the remaining stub. The infected fish can use this 'tongue' as it would its natural one.
Emerald cockroach wasp - This wasp stings specific nerves in a roach's head, disabling its escape reflex. The now-docile roach is buried alive with the wasp's egg. The resulting larvae chews into the roach's abdomen, consuming organs slowly to keep the roach alive for 8 days till it pupates.
"A cephalophore...is a saint who is generally depicted carrying his or her own head...Handling the halo in this circumstance offers a unique challenge for the artist."
Henohenomoheji
List of cloud types - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Even though he was athletically active, abstained from drinking alcohol and did not eat unusual amounts of food, Daniel Lambert was famous for his unusually large size
List of destroyed heritage
"A Cleaner Version of Hell" - ADX-Florence, America's only SuperMax prison, including #controversies and notable inmates
so apparently hydrogen can be solid, given enough pressure it becomes metal.
Webbed toes is the common name for syndactyly affecting the feet. It is characterised by the fusion of two or more digits of the feet. Famous webbed feet: Dan Aykroyd, Tricia Helfer, Jacqui Hurley, Ashton Kutcher, Joseph Stalin, Danielle Panabaker
Russia built a $1.1 billion bridge to an island with a population of 5000 people.
Bloodbath of B-R5RB
Three Wise Monkeys Unicode
Congenital insensitivity to pain (CIP), also known as congenital analgesia, is one or more rare conditions in which a person cannot feel (and has never felt) physical pain.
Laura Schlessinger
Tsujigiri - testing your new katana on a passer by.
Japanese post-war economic miracle - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Great Game
Wikipedia celebrates its first 15 years
Flint water crisis - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Sea Silk - fabric made from giant clam byssus.
A global effort to eradicate polio began in 1988. These efforts have reduced the number of annual diagnosed cases by 99.9%; from an estimated 350,000 cases in 1988 to a less than a hundred cases in 2015
Freedom of Panorama - legal limits on photography taken in public places around the world
Banana production in Iceland
1961 Goldsboro B-52 crash - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Something weird going on with Bill Gates article?
Morley is a fictional brand of cigarette that has appeared in various television shows, films, and video games that otherwise have no connection to each other.
Nice model - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
2 B R 0 2 B - short science fiction story by Kurt Vonnegut. The page includes a public domain audiobook of it.
Operation Cocoon
The Hottest Weight Loss Solution! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion!
Brood parasite
Stanley Kubrick's unrealized projects
Especial gifts for all relations.
List of films considered the worst - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Eric Massa, U.S. Representative (D-NY), resigned to avoid an ethics investigation into his admitted groping and tickling of multiple male staffers. He later stated on Fox News, "not only did I grope [a staffer], I tickled him until he couldn't breathe."
A handfish is an anglerfish of the family Brachionichthyidae, a group which comprises five genera and 14 extant species. These benthic marine fish are unusual in the way they propel themselves by walking on the sea floor rather than swimming.
"Toast, being an inanimate object, lacks both the ability and the desire to right itself."
[wikipedia] My name is Crystal! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
The Mean center of the United States population
Could an editor here add information about "BowieNet" to the David Bowie article? There's no mention of it at all. These 3 news articles have all the main info about it:
[META] Is this a scammer or for real?
A wet dream is not a sin in Islam. Moreover, whereas a person fasting (in Ramadan or otherwise) would normally be considered to have broken their fast by ejaculating on purpose (during either masturbation or intercourse), nocturnal emission is not such a cause.
Effect of psychoactive drugs on animals
Ashley Revell sold all his possessions and gambled everything on a single spin of a roulette wheel
Miss the Wikipedia fundraising banners? We got you covered.
Black lives matter Wiki edit a thon happening soon
East Asian age reckoning
State of Deseret
The Mormon blogosphere (often referred to as the Bloggernacle)
A 1985 raid on a University of California-Riverside animal laboratory resulted in the removal of a monkey with its eyes sewn shut and a sonar device taped to its head along with 467 other animals.
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area (all)
Porn Stars, Muhammad, and a Frozen 4-Year-Old: The Best Articles Wikipedia Deleted This Week
Bog bodies - human remains naturally mummified in a peat bog. Many "bog people" died under mysterious circumstances and were purposefully interned in peat bogs, perhaps as ritual sacrifices.
Withdrawal of low-denomination coins
"Let's trim our hair in accordance with the socialist lifestyle" - a North Korean propaganda campaign that promoted grooming standards for citizens
Angry Birds is being turned into a movie!
Fermat's Last Theorem - Fermat wrote this famously unsolvable theorem in a textbook margin but failed to include the proof, claiming the margin was "too narrow" to write it down. Although solved in 1994, no written proofs by Fermat have ever been found.
The Joe Schmo Show
1989 California medfly attack
Paris Syndrome
Bassel Khartabil - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Demimonde - refers to a group of people who live hedonistic lifestyles, usually in a flagrant and conspicuous manner.... contemporary use has an anachronistic character. Its connotations of pleasure-seeking often contrasted with wealth and ruling class behavior.
Radio teleswitch
Persecutory delusions are a set of delusional conditions.. Specifically, they have been defined as containing two central elements:[1] The individual thinks that harm is occurring, or is going to occur. The individual thinks that the perceived persecutor has the intention to cause harm.
Art+Feminism Wikipedia edit a thon at MoMA, March 6
Your friends probably have more friends than you have.
[Nobel Prize-winner &amp; inventor of PCR, Kary] Mullis reported an encounter with a glowing green raccoon at his cabin in the woods of northern California around midnight one night in 1985. He denies the involvement of LSD in this encounter.
Disco Demolition Night
Greater Green River Intergalactic Spaceport, for refugees of Jupiter.
[NSFW] Meatotomy - A form of penile modification in which the underside of the glans is split. This generally involves crushing the ventral meatus, urethra, and upper frenulum for one minute, then dividing the crush line with fine-tipped scissors.
"Male honey bees can't even feed themselves for the first few days of their lives. During "the quick and violent mating," the male literally explodes his internal genitalia into the genital chamber of the queen and quickly dies."
Fireworks competitions
Catherine-Rosalie Gerard Duthé (1748–1830,[1] alt: Duthe or Du The) was a celebrated French courtesan. A companion of French kings and European nobility, she has been called "the first officially recorded dumb blonde."
Stab-in-the-back myth
[Metawikipedia]Base of unmarried women 21+. Faster. Link activ 45 min!
Ismail al-Jazari
Recycling - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Overtoun Bridge: The bridge that dogs keep leaping off of.
Murrawarri Republic
"This compound was found to be around 10,000x more potent than morphine in animal studies.[citation needed]"
Oscar Zeta Acosta
List Of Omnipotent Beings
Hey, I'm Liza and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Charles II of Spain - Noted for his extensive physical, intellectual, and emotional disabilities (the product of generations of inbreeding). All eight of his great-grandparents were descendants of Joanna and Philip I of Castile.
Spinochordodes tellinii - This parasitic worm can influence its host's behavior. The adult parasite lives and reproduces in water. Once it is grown, it causes its grasshopper host to jump into water, drowning the host and releasing the parasite.
Salaries of heads of state (many missing entries though)
The smartphone wars or smartphone patents licensing and litigation is an ongoing business battle by smartphone manufacturers including Sony, Google, Apple Inc., Samsung, Microsoft, Nokia, Motorola, Huawei, and HTC, among others
Homeboys in Outer Space - only 5 of the 21 episodes have been found and put onto YouTube.
Psychic surgery
States and territories of Australia
Wikipedia editors make trustee resign
Shelby GLHS - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Incredible map of Syrian Civil War
Public land - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Wikipedia:Editor review/Electricbassguy2 (2008)
Magma (computer algebra system)
Poe Toaster refers to an unidentified person (or likely father and son, in succession) who for seven decades paid an annual tribute to the grave of Edgar Allan Poe. The shadowy figure dressed in black would raise a toast then vanish into the night, leaving three roses in distinctive arrangement
Reagan's Neshoba County Fair "states' rights" speech - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Snow White and The Madness of Truth
Death of Subhas Chandra Bose
Bug-eyed monster
OK Soda was a soft drink by The Coca-Cola Company made in 1993, that used unusual advertising tactics such as negative publicity. The drink's slogan was existentialist angst..."Things are going to be OK." The drink didn't do so OK and was discontinued in 1995.
This mythical looking island is home to one of the rarest insects in the world
Shebang (Unix)
Kyōgaku no Gaijin Hanzai Ura File – Gaijin Hanzai Hakusho 2007
"Ray also admitted having sex with married Sen. Mike Gravel (D-Alaska) at his houseboat in August 1972. According to Ray, the meeting was arranged by her then boss Rep. Kenneth J. Gray (D-Illinois) in exchange for Gravel's support of a bill Gray was pushing."
All integers are relevant! Defend integer rights today! Don't let this page get deleted.
An Open Science plan: Wikidata for Research
The Great Disappointment, the public reaction following the failure of the Second Coming to occur on 22 October 1844, as per preacher William Miller's claims
Shinto is the largest religion in Japan, practiced by nearly 80% of the population
Alfa Romeo 4C - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
List of social nudity places in North America - Utah
The Petite Bourgeoisie, those lower-middle class individuals Marx &amp; others theorized would carry the torch for fascism.
H. G. Wells - H.G.Wells had stated that his epitaph was to read, "I told you so. You DAMNED fools."
Interpretations of 2001: A Space Odyssey
The blanket octopus: These species exhibit an extreme degree of sexual dimorphism. Females may reach 2 metres (6.6 ft) in length whereas the tiny males are at most a few centimeters long. This is the largest male-female size discrepancy in the animal kingdom.
Kidnapping of children by Nazi Germany
Flags of country subdivisions
t.A.T.u. - the most successful Russian group of all time
The Beach Pneumatic Transit - the first attempt to build an underground public transit system in New York City.
Man versus Horse Marathon
The switch in time that saved nine - Conventional historical accounts portrayed the Court's majority opinion as a strategic political move to protect the Court's integrity and independence from President Franklin Roosevelt's court-reform bill
Torpex - An explosive that was initially stabilized with beeswax.
The real Grizzly Adams was from the same family as John Adams, John Quincy Adams and Sam Adams.
Tristan da Cunha. An archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean. It is the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world lying 2000 km from the nearest inhabited land.
Thales Theorem, or How to derive a right angle using only a compass and straight edge.
Bigfoot (Monster Truck) - Bigfoot Facts
"Bangui magnetic anomaly" - You know how compasses work? Well apparently not everywhere. Not in the capital of the Central African Republic anyway. For some reason. Nobody knows why.
Cher Ami was a homing pigeon who had been donated by the pigeon fanciers of Britain for use by the U.S. Army Signal Corps in France during World War I and had been trained by American pigeoneers. She helped save the Lost Battalion of the 77th Division in the Battle of the Argonne, October 1918.
The Temperance Fountain is a fountain and statue located in Washington, D.C., donated to the city in 1882 by Henry D. Cogswell, a dentist from San Francisco, California, who was a crusader in the temperance movement.
TIL in collegiate athletics, Wichita State University is known as "The Shockers"
Anomalistics is the use of scientific methods to evaluate anomalies (phenomena that fall outside of current understanding), with the aim of finding a rational explanation.
August curse - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Headroom (photographic framing) - I bet I'm not the only person who'll now know why employee/staff photos are always crappy.
Why is there a massive redirect over the Bill Gates Wikipedia page?
In Innu mythology, Matshishkapeu (literally the "Fart Man") is the most powerful spirit – even more powerful than the Caribou Master, Kanipinikassikueu.
The last universal ancestor (LUA), also called the last universal common ancestor (LUCA), is the most recent organism from which all organisms now living on Earth have a common descent. It is estimated to have lived some 3.5 to 3.8 billion years ago.
Twinless Twins Grieve Together
Asian brown cloud
Blazeing a trail for the transportation of livestock by air
The Oxford Electric Bell is an experimental electric bell that was set up in 1840 and which has run nearly continuously ever since.
The Boston Brahmin is a term used to describe Boston's traditional upper class who have been "set apart by destiny to guide the American experiment as their ancestors had played a leading role in founding it"
The Ron Paul Family Cookbook
The Button (Reddit)
Society of the Horseman's Word - A secret society, whose members were drawn from those who worked with horses. It taught magical rituals designed to provide the practitioner with the ability to control both horses and women.
Fake food in Japan
Zheleznogorsk is a formally secret, now closed town in Russia that plays a role in the development of weapons grade plutonium. It also has one of the most baddass flags I've ever seen.
Dogtown, Massachusetts - Approximately three dozen boulders in Dogtown were carved with inspirational inscriptions during the Great Depression.
Fool’s Gold Loaf - peanut butter, jelly &amp; bacon inside an entire hollowed-out loaf of bread. “Taking his private jet from Graceland, [Elvis] Presley and his friends purchased 22 of the sandwiches and spent three hours eating the sandwiches and drinking Perrier and champagne before flying home.”
11 Reasons to be thankful that Wikipedia exists - the Personal Life section is better than any gossip website
Why do people contribute to Wikipedia despite the lack of reward?
Dungan: A language spoken by an Islamic Central Asian people of Chinese origin, based on a northern dialect of Mandarin Chinese with liberal borrowings from Arabic, Persian, Russian and Turkic languages, formerly written using Arabic, then Latin characters, now written in the Cyrillic alphabet.
