Blood Elf female art
Hunter, dps and 4pc heroic tier questions.
Garrison follower Ilvls
How to make abilities play sounds?
Treessassin's Guise removal?
Realm+Faction Xfer=$55?
PSA: Make copies of all your important wow folders
Guild starting advice
[Legion Alpha] Outlaw Rogue - General Direction
Dawnbringer Legacy toons 70
I used to use an add-on that let my character /say random stuff as a percentage chance, and I can't find it now. Anyone recall it?
At what point are Unholy DK's switching from Frost?
Shit ton of realms just went down with no warning.
Hacks becoming this common?
Alani the Stormborn requirements
Holy Paladin Marathon Sign
What if there was class dipping..?
(US) LFM Herald of the titans
BMAH'ers, what's the one item you're waiting for?
Quest with dead Lord Godfrey Help
Garrison prepping, followers?
I'm a new player on WOD ( last time played is on WOTLK ) and i beg for answers
So I just logged in to this... Known bug?
Do dungeon 'bonus objectives' award exp?
Having a real tough time looking for a guild
Let's talk keybinds. I need not a keybind guide but someone to do it all for me.
Legendary questline: "Master vs. Commander" - How the fuck do I complete this silly questline?
Questions about Defias brotherhood, EU.
Which realm should I choose as a new player?
[Help] Just starting out, does pre-ordering Legion give all previous expansions?
New player looking for player(s) to help me learn the game
Brewmaster Monk looking for a Challenge mode tour!
When is a good time to PuG for an Archimonde kill these days?
What is the best RP server?
Warcraft books question - Where do I start/order?
Logged onto lvl 90 Monk. Got to lvl 96 and still have bonus XP?
Crystallized Fel removed for characters that do not have their legendary ring
Feeling some worries about that transmog wardrobe.
I really hope in a legion patch or future expansions capital cities are relevant.
Where did the Hellfire Citadel bosses come from?
The Corpses in Tanaris are actually many small onces
Group Finder Black Market AH?
noob question about death knights ! help
Custom wallpapers, for Free!
how early can you start soloing Onixia for the mount chance?
LF PTR Arena/ Raiding Buddy
What would happens with my unnused lv 90 boost after i buy the legion expansion?
Challenge mode
Laptop specs question
I Like What They Are Doing with NPCs (SPOILERS!!!)
So Moonkins are getting an ability called " Starlord "?
What is Cheap Shot?
Official Guild Recruitment Thread
hit level 100, kinda broke need suggestions!
Enhancement shaman help
Is Ret/Prot Pala dead in RBGs atm?
New episode of let's play wow co-op.. looking for input/advice
Is there a list of all followers that exist from the inn garrison building?
Elixir of the Rapid Mind only usable one time?
I have a lot of free time and want to pick someone off of this subreddit to grind gold for among other things.
[Question] Roleplay on Earthen Ring?
Pit of Saron TW: what's your experience so far?
Guild challenge workaround?
To anyone who purchased the Winter Veil garrison props (namely the PX-238 Winter Wondervolt -- Gnome Machine)
Just curious, are any other holy paladins completely bummed over not having a shield as their offhand artifact weapon?
Would you want a Champion's Seal (Argent Tournament) garrison mission?
Xmog on Legion Question
Switch-up Saturday: Happy New Year!
Tanaan Jungle Party in Different Instances?
I'f all zones had the same graphical quality as Draenor zones, which zone do you think would look the best?
Legion Alpha. Our friend is always watching out for us. (Look in the rafters) *peep*
So this happened when I was on the Nagrand talbuk mount, and popped into flight form
Vault of the Wardens Preview by Fatboss
thank you Blizzard really -.-
After ten+ years, blizzard has been trolling us the whole time..
The draenei tells the moonkin: "Stack on me, quickly!"
Sometimes I love being a tank...
Ran into my doppelganger
[Spoiler] Immortal Paladin bug
My view on the Frost DK artifact quest line =)
playing WoW For the first time ever and thought of this.
Frozen Alysrazor (Kang's Bindstone)
This pretty much sums up my luck in life
My World of Warcraft Experience - How I Got Pulled Into WoW
world of warcraft game page on geforce website
Xavius both Post-Sargeras and Post-Old-God Transformation
Only thing rarer than TLPD
Tis' but a scratch!
My mates first arena video - basic video - any advise would be great
I made Leeroy Jenkins sing in a PSY song :D
Are you horde or alliance?
Found this at my hometown museum: The Barthilas Server Blade!
2200mmr rdruid Turbo Queueing now!!
Just your average day in Warspear...?
Hair Colors Be Like...
Well, this is awkward D:
Opening 100 Ghost Iron Lockboxes
My ass getting lucky.
Seems like you can still get the Core Hound Chain from the BMAH if you missed WoW 10th anniversary !
This guy's REALLY good at keeping a grudge
Demon Hunter Early Access Physical Pre-Order Refund Community Blog?
Thanks, Postmaster
Blizz please make material bank shared for all my characters on original realm / side !
Uhm, embarrassing
Couldn't Find the mount for a second...being invisible and all
So I heard Blizzard have been making cars...
[My Top 5 Pranks in WoW!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V--4HV8DYCY)
If you look inside~
Does anyone know how to make a weakaura for a Colossus Smash reset/proc from the class trinket?
That is one way to cut down a tree.
Death Knight Order hall complaint
Dungeon leveling
Yes im currently buying a lottery ticket
Human racial nerf
I got bitten by the bug and decided to redownload the game but was instantly reminded why i left last time.
Raid Lockout Question
Sub rogue pve stats (sorry)
State of Mages in Challenge Mode?
Looking for a specific vanilla PVP video - Lvl60 Undead Mage, Arcane Power Spec
Total RP3/Storyline devs launched a Kickstarter to add new features to the roleplay addon
Ulduar T8 heroic v normal
Pre-Cata lvl 10 - 20 zones
CM Gold 8/8 Query
Is there an addon that can help warn/stop me from selling/disenchanting my alternative sets of gear in bags?
How do you handle a disc in pvp?
tabard of the lightbringer
Would you play on a "locked" (no cross-realm) server?
My friend's birthday is coming soon and I want to gift him a present over WoW because we play together a lot. Any thoughts?
Future Expansion Ideas?
Looking for players to play with
When do you think they will announce the release date for Legion?
Which is your favourite city?
Murloc Mondays - Ask Your Questions Here!
What happened to people who didn't buy Cata when it came out?
what would be best server for returning pve player to join?
Level scaling old zones - please!
Need a creative solution for a macro
Need help getting back into WoW (PvP)
Can I purchase WoW tokens and let them sit in my inventory, to reactivate later?
RaF not work if BattleC gifted?
a TL;DR video of how to do DK things in EB CM
creating my own quest (log)
Skinning and Leatherworking
Looking for people to play with
Why do WW monks use Staff?
How do WoD CM weapons tie into the legion transmog system?
Why theres never Storms or wind (neither stormy winds) in stormwind ?
Will this be possible really fast way to level in legion?
Been a while - Can I get some clarification?
One step closer! Questions and info inside.
Making some transmoggs!
If other races could be Paladins, what would their Mount be ?
Quit in the middle of Cata, just returned. Can anyone link me to some sort of synopsis of what I missed?
Mythic Mannoroth, Phase 4 Tips
What are some of your most memorable moments?
How do "Guaranteed to Crit" mechanics interact with "Immune to Crit"?
Fun classes to level only trough quests?
In a rut on my Death Knight
How long does it take for Blizzard to process a gift order?
Is there a way how to report players from opposing team in BGs?
Someone issued a formal request to add Alexstrasza as a legal Icelandic name
Havent played since Cata, Just downloaded client and reactivated. Need advise
Getting Back Into WoW
Just out of curiosity: Is there much of a difference between playing on European servers than the American Servers?
90-100 Heirloms
New to WoW: Looking for US RPPvP realm with inclination on PVP
Timewalking Warlock Gear
BiS time walking
Ahead of the curve.
What was the best patch/expac for Feral Druid PvP pre-Cataclysm?
Just used my Legion 100 boost on a Disc Priest. Any tips?
People for bgs EU
Question about raids/instances/dungeons??
LF Help with Blood Infusions
Can you help a new player?
The best feature coming in Legion
Graves peepin' at the booty
Never change, tradechat...
Water Elemental having fun in a minefield
The Dragon Aspects sure know how to have a good time.. during the end of the world.
An old yet hilarious WoW comic, have a read!
Legion: New Retribution Paladin Animations (Part 1)
A Journey To Success [WoW]
Just got this loading screen in WoD's Nagrand
First time hunting for mounts in years. Now, where did I hide my powerball ticket?
Well this sucks
What expansion did you have the best experience on and why?
Some general WeakAuras &amp; specific ones for DK, Monk, Druid, Warrior
[Legion] Interesting new Herbalism Mechanic
A few nights ago, our guild's rogue swapped to Sub but forgot to change his weapons accordingly. Enjoy the subsequent madness.
Up to 30k Per hour, Nearly AFKable
Meet The Twinks
VoD of me completing Thunderfury (sry for quality, having internet issues)
So yeah my Death knight has a butterfly bow tie on the back of his head...
Ever friendly people of /2 are always happy to save you from an embarrassing mistake.
Uh... How's that workin' out for you?
Queue Up - Ep.2 this Sat ft. Jahmilli &amp; Walterbare!
New Years resolutions
Something doesn't seem right in Dragonblight?
How many times have you leveled the same class to max, if so, which class?
Legion's item changes will scuttle many transmog sets
My Death Knight: Noxshi - Sargeras by Runeax
Elwynn Forest by Konstantin Turovec
I left a Skirm because my partner didn't accept the queue, and when I got out, I became the first rogue-druid!
[A Steamy Romance Novel: Savage Passions]
Multiboxer reporting people for fun on stream.
I'm still sick with the flu but I recorded this fun little parody if you want to give it a listen :)
Im a rookie to WoW just starting out, are there videos or a website that're good to learn the game from?
Alliance Symbol HD Wallpaper
If there was a guild for redditors only. What would it be called?
What's the best way to make money with enchanting?
Nice name censoring, Blizzard.
Went to Moonguard last night for the first time, My friends reaction says it all.
The war that never ends.
I wish I had some "Heroic Mythic Warforged Mythic" gear
(podcast) Nerds Eating Nuggets - Anthony schools Garrett and Nate on WoW.
I love WoD PvP :^)
Has Blizz said anything about the loot/gear system in Legion?
Does Legion xpac have an extra character slot?
Mythic Iron Reaver 32s
Should I start off with TBC or Vanilla
Time walking End time and 350ilvl
What are the dwarves of Kharonas' favorite beverage?
90-100, engineering upgradeable gun or heirloom?
Thinking about maining a healer, but which?
New player here, what class should I pick that would have the most value in PVE and PVP besides the class that I enjoy?
Is there really any difference between an alt and a main anymore?
Magnificent Flying Carpet
Looking for 2s partner [EU]
WoW icon Nyhm is streaming on his birthday and has only a handful of viewers. Show him some love!
I am an Ironforge City Guard. AMA!
defias brotherhood Guild
Can someone paypal me $10-15 for gas/food if I give them my WoW gold in return?
r/WoW Help me pick a class for Legion!
Shadow Priest Action Bar
Thank you World of Warcraft
Idea for a future patch/expansion... Not what you think!
Need a temporary 13/13HC Tank for Mythic Progression (details inside) [EU]
Can we talk about the sub rogue legion change?
Anyone have any Mythic Archimonde tips?
Question about baleful gear
Gearing Question
Poor dps as a Ret Paladin
Fire is back baby!
Challenge mode - Holy Paladin Trinkets?
TIL: You can remove the wind on skyreach before going through
TIOL Seal Twisting as ret with Empowered Seals is incredibly fun.
What is on your "To Do" list before the launch of Legion?
Can I stop downloading while in game?
Noob Disenchant dungeon question
A bit of advice needed?
Am I missing something or is raid gear better than pvp gear in pvp?
The biggest feature for me in Legion - Diablo's Rift/Great Rift based CMs - how are they and how would we like them to be?
[Lore] Why are some titanic characters hostile and killable?
Could my computer run WoW plus WoD?
Tabard that matches Molten Giant Transmog set.
New player needing some help
Need server change suggestions (Alliance)
Subscription question
Question about Artifact questlines in Legion (no spoilers)
Major Payne...how to beat him?
Looking for group to do CMs
Need advice for gearing a fresh 100.
Cant retrieve account back?
Good Guy (or girl) GM
Scammed. Lost most of my cash.
Blizzard should hold design contests.
Isn't the achievment [Damage Control] abit outdated?
Weakauras Obliterate problem
What zones does nobody ever visit?
Best UI for new players?
What spec are you most excited for in Legion?
How similar is WoW gameplay to SWtoR gameplay right now?
Best UI addon?
[Firepower Friday] Your weekly DPS thread
[EU] Looking for a good raiding guild for Legion.
To the devs...do NOT make us have to level each class spec artifact...
Why can druids use travel form in pvp combat and other player's can't use mounts?
If I buy a BattleNet giftcard from Best Buy and redeem it on Battle.net, will I have to wait 3 days?
Warlock PvP Macro Help
New Transmog System Question
refunding items
WoD Hunter threat question.
WoW parents: When is the right time to introduce gaming to your kids?
Multiboxing the Darkmoon Faire rabbit
So, can someone help a newb out with armor?
Looking for a Leveling Partner!
Cheaper way to server transfer?
Returning to WoW after 6 years gone, what's changed?
How is the arena and PVE in Wow now?
Sort of complicated question about switching between action bar pages.
Anyone else see the panda in the tree?
Probably not the weirdest thing to happen in Goldshire, Argent Dawn EU
Streaming at 7:30PM AEDT - Power leveling my 10th level 100
Level 1-10 speedrun world record (3:59)
Good reason to get kicked?
Attempting the Ironman Challenge ep. 2 (Alliance attackers and other shenanigans)
New corrupted Ashbringer model? What could this mean?
Update: Paladin Tier 19 Normal Set (Now w/ helm)
WoW Legion: Seeking The Claws of Ursoc - Guardian Druid Artifact Quest
So apparently you can have Pandaren death knight follower.
My luckiest WoW moment to date! What's yours?
Use Legion boost now or wait until Legion drops?
Vivendi Sells Remaining Activision Blizzard Stake to Unknown Buyer
World of Warcraft Draenor Hidden Garrison Follower Tormmok
[WoD] They do WHAT?! Okay, time to blow some gold and finally level an engineer...
A cat of ill omen...
Ferals, Boomies and Frost dk's seem to completely demolish arena.
[Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker] I made out of wood (video in comments) x-post /r/gaming
Most legit kick reason iv ever experienced, im the shaman.
Is there a flair for fan creabominations? Because I just found this map I made years ago...
All Feral Druid Artifact forms in-game
Shaman tier 19
One of my greatest regrets in WoW is never accepting this quest
Well, this is awkward.
Pre-buying new xpac with paypal problems
World of Warcraft just tweeted this
A friend decided to draw our dear Green Jesus with a Dress
First WoW video ever. Finally got my purple firehawk to! :D
I wish shadowfrost shards would rain like this.
Battlechest Question
Anyone know what transmog this is?
Legion Alpha | Tank Comparison (Guardian Druid, Blood DK + Protection Warrior)
Would repairs be free if Blizzard were an European company?
RNG smiled upon my paladin as she ran Zul'Gurub for her mount collection.
WoW icon Nyhm is streaming on his birthday and has only a handful of viewers. Show him some love!
Returning players, looking for a new home
When to Use Heroism!
Is this a hack?
Guardian Druid Looking for new home on Chromaggus
Controversy and Mindbollocks about my PvE endgame. [Contains weird writing and fear]
Today was a good day.
SV Hunter LnL and Explosive shot stacking questions
I need the battle chest cd key
how do i get good pve gear?
who wants free swag?
Legion raiding
What weapon is this?
A few questions from wownoob.
Do I need WOD?
A couple of noob questions (Trinity and UI mods)
What is the big fuss about the Rogue class hall in Legion?
is it worth it?
Is there a way to search for usernames?
If you were a boss what would your main drop item be?
I hate this community sometimes
How come when you kill mobs with a pet you don't get credit?
Where can I go to learn more about my class? (Warrior)
Looking to start leveling Warrior again...top DPS spec?
The complete noob voyage on wow, let’s get ready for some action?
Help a noob figure out what animation I saw?
Fury Warrior help
TIL: Miners coffee stacks up to 5 times.
what to do.. what to do? (choosing a class)
The Potential of Scaling.
Vanilla-MOP Screenshot thread
Legion Spoilers - New stuff on Vol'Jin
Why are average ilvl standards for joining a raid always higher than the ilvl of the gear dropped in the raid?
Future Xpac idea
Demon Hunters look very disappointing
Best way to farm gold?
[Firepower Fridays] Your weekly DPS Thread
Quick question related to selling pets
Question about buying WoW
New to subtlety rogue
Looking for a post about fast leveling from 1-100 using dungeons and a high lvl friend
Being salty - Leeroy takes too much time
If WoW had war crimes similar to real life, what would your character be guilty of?
Prejudices about classes
Sorry if this is the wrong place, but I've played WoW before, but always got to level 40 and was terrible for my level. I really want to get into it, and be much less shitty.
I need friends...
If the wardrobe system came out today, It'd probably hold us over until Legion.
Question about pvp
Free game time if subscription?
Tech - WoW on a 48" UHD TV
[Fan Art] My very favourite zone
help me with tsm
Solo mount farming and dungeon difficulty.
Looking for Guild!
Did anybody ever watch Syf the Giver ( w2pi ) on youtube?
Old players whats keeps you playing the game?
Does pvp outclass profession-made gear in PvE?
Debuff Addon Help please
This tank was a magnificent troll...
With Mythic Dungeon or Baleful Item scaling, does it measure off of what you are wearing, what is in your bags, or in your overall inventory(bank and bags)?
Why isn't the main faction logo for Alliance the pvp icon on your character panel?
Blizzard is taking their game back
My New Motherboard Is Ready For Moonguard
My Favorite Screenshot From My First Week Back to WoW
I feel like this could have been Lunk's backstory...really great story.
About month ago I posted horde symbol which my dad carved, this week he finished this.
Geometry lessons in Warspear.
Illidan Stormrage - Insane 3D model/Timelapse of the making.
My luck as a Fury Warrior in a nutshell.
My first WOW character (I just started playing a month ago. Wow, I've been missing out!)
I suppose i'll have to extend my gametime
What a strange name this chair has...
Decided to glance at my screen shots. This one stood out to me. I really liked how it came out. Can you guess where it is?
Back to when I was at 4 billion 3v3 rating...
GCDTV Pro League - Arena Tournament #5 (FINALS) will start at 5PM EST / 2PM PST Today!
Beat me at a duel? I'll SUE you! (x-post /r/legaladvice)
That feeling you get...
Rogue Class Hall - New Entrance
Blizzard has confirmed that players who buy Legion Collector's Edition will need to buy the game twice to get early access perks, just like with MoP.
Epic Archimonde Mythic Firstkill Video! Last Man Standing!
After a year of playing, I've finally managed to make 100k gold! (Plus a little extra!)
[Legion Alpha] First Look at Vault of the Wardens New Lvl 110 Dungeon - With Asmongold
The Toasty Fires in the Hodir fight work as cooking fires.
WoW Legion: Blizzard Have Made Discipline Priests Awesomely Fun
Vol'jin drawing i made
Purchased the 2015 LE BlizzCon frame print - Is this damaged or is it supposed to be like this?
Go home Time-Lost Proto Drake, you're drunk
Just noticed this little Pikmin reference in the Garrison. Nimkip is Pikmin backwards, and you played as Olimar.
Skerv - Warfarehub goes over his UI! Check it out!
Unimplemented Mounts - Cats
Can some one ID the Healbot style grid click heal addon hes useing and the arena frames for me?
There is no worse feeling :(
Duncan Jones Breaks Down The Warcraft Trailer
Between HFC and Legion around the corner...
SPOILERS-LEGION ALPHA - Fire Mage Artifact Quest SO MUCH FUN-SPOILERS
The first time I've noticed this
Queue Popped Episode 9 Promo
AMAZING SCORE BEST KDA EVER
My mom who knows nothing about Warcraft or video games in general sent me this via text.
So i accidentally mailed 150k to the wrong person
That feeling when you get kicked from Wailing Caverns for going the right way...
The forum popular topics are very telling about the state of the game
Gotta Love How Ridiculous tMorph Is
Can Someone Help Me Out
I made a 90s cereal commercial in WoW.
Had a bit of an off day in Arena today...
Anyone know where to find an original vanilla release talent calculator for each class?
Well, im definitely diving into WoW again now!
Is there a way to check if a character was boosted?
Why was valor gear removed from the game?
Questions about gearing up
Questions to macro experts
So if I put my title on I can haz?
Sindragosa, needle felted wool on wire armature.
Grumpus for gametime
"I don't play the game anymore but let me tell you how it is currently."
Epic Stormwind theme Pipe organ cover
강남오피／／K스타ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣb a m w a r 1 0 . 컴선릉오피서울오피
Back in the game?
What future would you like to see for WoW after legion?
RIP Mitch Jones
Front mage ilvl 705 dps
LF ingame friends
The ultimate RNG.
[SPOILER] Look who's coming back to Legion
Ashran Artifact Fragments and you.
My guild killed Mannoroth Mythic this weekend! :D
Hey /wow, I need some advice
A Place to See All the New Animations
Lore question about Thrall
Who is the most powerful?
Is there a simple armory type page for toys?
Stormwind Park
Anyone else just get booted and get get back on?
Want a WoW friend like the good ol' days
tips for stupid newbs like me
Looking for people to play with
Warlock Mount Quest.
Higher skill cap warlock pvp?
Legion talents and legion pvp talents
combat rogue mastery limit?
Can't find post on Gnome (Jhukur?) w/ picture document of journey or something who started new guild? Help?
A tip for leveling 90-100
Chaffeur problem
Blackmarket Auctionhouse bug
Unholy DK DPS Critique (w/ logs)
What is your favorite 1-60 zone?
My character (and many others) are named Ursoc. Ursoc is an upcoming boss in Legion
Opinions on making WoW Tokens usable on more than just time?
Anyone else seen "haram" used as a substitute word lately?
PSA-ish? - Don't tank with Seed of Creation in Timewalking.
I haven't played WoW since the first two months of Pandaria, should I play Draenor or wait until Legion
How Wow made other games empty.
Guild chat add-on
Does anyone else not enjoy being the hero?
How to deal with out of game harassment?
Can you buy a boost to 90? Or only 100?
How is Pvp at higher levels or cap for fury warriors?
checklist type addons for collecting mogs?
I'm new and just went from 1-100. Here's my experience:
How to find a decent guild in 2016? :)
Got my subscription back, I started a Hunter, noobish questions
Noob class question
Returning Player...Classes least affected by Legion?
Showerthought: Capital cities could've easily been a questing zone and brought much needed life to these barren zones.
[Bug] This needs some more attention and a fix already.
New to game, does it matter what race you pick? and more questions
Map of Portals
Tabard rep question
Turalyon's might
How long does it take to gear up for pvp?
New at sub rogue need help and tips (pve)
Giving away some gold (Am I allowed?) New players, returning players or anyone that wants it. EU
What is "World Quests system in Legion"?
[Alpha] Screenshot I took from the seabed underneath the Maelstrom
Nythendra Heroic Kill Alpha Raid Testing
I have no words.
the ultimate moon guard experience
Twisting Nether is under attack!
First time running through Pandaria &amp; got engrossed in the stories.
What I Picture When I See Heroic Archy Pugs.
I jumped on top of this barrel to a get a better angle for a screenshot of myself. Nailed it.
Four wheels of fury! (Old)
The Carefully Choreographed Dance of F2P MMO's and WoW's Approach
Me no think dis how it work cap'n.
I've seen others on here who tied in Arathi Basin, I finally witnessed it for myself!
WoW Roleplay - The Retard Squad
