Questions about my novella. Would appreciate feedback.
Sorry for confusing description...Looking to write again.
Is this a personal rejection?
Write an upbeat post-apocalyptic tale where life is (for the most part) much better than it was pre-apocalypse. (re-post from r/writingprompts to get a smaller discussion going)
Writing a fictional novel in a memoir style
How should I go about starting a blog?
January 17th, 2016 Critique Thread (post here if you'd like a critique)
Overcoming mental gaps in stories
Novice here. How do you get an idea what your target audience should be?
Help with genres
Need some help writing a comedic story.
Helpful article on character flaws
An Ideal Writing Afternoon
LAME Magazine open for submissions. Theme: WORK
What If I Fall? Oh, but My Darling What If You Fly? – Erin Hanson
Top ten tips for writing an ongoing series
'Developing as a writer is a game of Snakes &amp; Ladders. You’re going to land on a few snakes. But stick at it, try to improve and you’ll find another ladder.'
Writing Bull (or How to Fake It) - Blog piece
19 Invaluable Writing Tips For Actually Finishing That Novel
** Scrivener Full Review &amp; Discussion FOLLOWUP **
ESSAY WRITING SERVICES
i've just finished the 100th page in my book woo
Your Trash, My Treasure Pt 1
Looking for story teller copywriter professional at $35/hr for 20-40 hours total work.
Does your writing get a bit formulaic? How do you shake it up?
Request advice for writing a climax
Is it possible to write a completely original story without either drawing similarities to other stories or falling into cliches?
Scrivener templates
Where to begin?
Does anyone else have a shrapnel document for edited out work?
Looking for an "urban poetry" genre?
Anything I should know about before starting a blog for my stories.
I am a 38 year old M.D. with a non-fiction book proposal. Can I get some help trying to find an agent?
An Entity or Organization as Antagonist?
I'm a novice writer who's world building for high fantasy, but it's very overwhelming can I get some advice?
How to make an infiltration mission not boring
Do people notice word use for male vs female characters?
Some precautions I should know about before writing a story where the protagonist loses?
A website that may be of use to some of you
Can't take school anymore. Want to write.
Request for "phrase thesaurus"
What font do you write in?
Character creation advice for story
Who formats their own ebooks?
How do I create original characters or plots?
1st Person Narrative where the reader is considered a voice in the protagonist's head.
What do you think your biggest flaw is when writing?
Thoughts on Episodic Writing
Disposable Synonym
This is a review I did of the sixth chapter in 'The masque of Africa' By V.S. Naipaul. I need your critiques. I need to know if my Academic writing is improving. Your critiques are welcome.
Prologues - Short? Long? Or not at all? What are the cool kids doing?
What Publishing a Novel has Taught me About Writing | I share the tips and tricks I've learned about writing!
Why Conflict Is Vital In Stories
What are some good short-story topics to help a writer grow?
[Request] I need a very short script for a film about teamwork.
Regarding using ideas from online roleplaying to write a novel [Question]
Contribute to the BeSmartee Blog
Your Little Revelation: How to Write an Essay about Yourself
Adjust Your Mental Scales or How to Write a Compare and Contrast Paper
Using fractals or multi fractals in writing
My new poem book, Misfortunate People, is now up and i was wondering who all would be interested in reading it.
I'm looking for an iPhone App for outlining like the Corkboard in Scrivener?
Need advice for my horror idea.
Advice on writing first or third POV?
How do you write your stories?
Is social media presence necessary before you submit?
Anybody here have a degree in professional writing?
Frustrated noob question: How do you come up with decent/interesting stories? Or am I aiming for too little words?
Peculiar Book Club is Looking for Writers!
Full-time students, how do you find the time to work on your creative writing outside of academia?
How is George RR Martin able to make you care about or hate characters in his books and make them seem alive, while still making his feel like world based books, instead of character based?
What is your method for keeping a scene on track?
If someone has commissioned a piece from me, can I later publish that piece?
When Did We Start Following Rules About Word Count?
Senior Project - HELP NEEDED! Authors to Skype, Facebook, call or text
Opinion on the new editing technique I use?
Writers who DON'T write for a living, how you you stay motivated?
What is proper paragraphing?
Coming back to an in progress novel after 2 years.
Politics and desire | amazingguy
Research Paper Help Online
How to write a best seller, according to McGill University
How to make money online through writing
I've been thinking about censorship in the past and wondering what the equivalent is today: Came across this. Is this the new Tropic of Cancer
Hindi Shayri Set 1, By Amitosh
You should know about the cognitive biases
"How it Happened" by Isaac Asimov
28 Authors on the Books That Changed Their Lives
7 Feelings We Need An English Word For ASAP (Note: this is humor, from Clickhole)
Would people be interested in a list of horrible things to do?
How do I find a "pre-agent?"
Advice/Suggestions on using a pre-established Elvish language?
first rejection email. received within 4 days of submission?!
Experience with pills to focus on writing?
The Day I Learned to Grieve
Request for advice: How to prepare something resembling a short movie drama for reader/viewer consumption?
Is my protagonist's plan in my story for overthrowing the government plausible enough?
Story with a high pace. How do you do it?
Would you use a tool that helps you hit a daily writing goal?
Advise for Openings?
APA question - intext citation second quote, no page numbers
Flash Fiction/Short Story submissions
Synonym for "shovel-ready"
My resolution is to finish this book I've been writing and I'd appreciate advice on how to go about finalizing it.
Seeking advice on writing and the art of word choice
Your thoughts on "Floating Voices?"
Plain Text to Manuscript?
Wine &amp; Cigarettes
What's a line, or passage you've written recently that you're particularly proud of?
Write a complete novel in two weeks with the rest of the Internet - Writey Novel
Writing Advice: What I Learned from Reading One-Star Reviews
Today's Tomorrow
Penguin Books UK Removing All Degree Requirements for People Applying for Jobs
Creative Writing Majors Rejoice: You Won't be Unemployed
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [writing]
The dotted line principle: Start today, fill in the gaps tomorrow
[writing] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
The Time My Grown-Up Novel Was Marketed As Young Adult
Fake Penguin publicist catfishes bloggers (to get reviews for her own book).
It isn't, "Write what you know". It's, "Write the story you want to hear but haven't heard yet." What do you think of this piece of writing advice?
Have any of you ever worked as an editor? And has it improved your writing skill?
The Art Of Writer's Block: A Documentary
Trying to mould a discussion into an argument...
How to Write a Cause and Effect Essay Efficiently
What is life? What is our purpose?
Closing this chapter
Some input on my first paragraph of the book
How does everyone out their thoughts down?
Writing a play scene, kind of flat on audience involvement ideas. Includes circus/carnival performers. Looking for discussion/ spitballing help.
Replying to a personalized rejection?
I'm in need of a name for a pirate ship for a bit of prose
Changing book genre mid-way through novel. Is it ok?
Do I need to learn have to type or write faster?
[Question] Where to post short stories?
I got offered to be published by a big-name publisher... but I'm not sure. What would you do in my shoes?
18 y/o Looking for writing jobs. Any advice?
Idea I had for when someone is fleshing out the details of their story: The Food Chain Method.
I want your greatest inspirational writing quote.
What I've learned writing lovecraftian horror.
By Any Other Name?
Insight on New Year's Night
Scrivener Full Review &amp; Discussion - if you use it, let's discuss
Coding a Fictional World - a metaphor for writing fiction
Getting the story out there
Looking for more readers of current literary journals for a sort of reading group for favorite poems and flash/short fiction as they're published
Cliches you can't help but love.
The Forgotten History of Earth
5 Interesting New Markets for Short Stories
I'm having difficulties describing this scenery, please help.
Adapt Learning Community: Why you should buy Web Content
Taking Guidance to Complete University Project
Pulitzer Prize Winner tells how she learned to write
Divorce yourself from your character
How can you tell if you are delusional regarding your writing/creative ability?
Writing Historical Western Fiction
What is your Main Character's name? What is your Main Character's Quest? What is your Main Character's favorite color?
Holy shit! I wrote a book!
Focus on the Issue: How to Write a Critical Lens Essay Critical Lens Essay | Papersmaster.com
Just wrote my first book and self-published on Amazon.
Feedback needed!
I need a little help with a story
Best way to plan
Any ideas for creative writing exercises to do when I don't feel like working on my main project, but I still want to do something?
I'm a little stuck in terms of writing the abilities of two characters in my story.
I have too many ideas on what to do with my characters. How do you narrow things down?
My 15 year old autistic son just finished his first book. He is still editing it, but he wants people to see it.
What does your writing folder look like?
Writing Non White Characters, Help!!!
Roleplaying Characters
Is anyone here a legal professional? I need someone to ask questions about my story!
College Research Journal Survey
Mind of Two Spirits
Does this happen to anyone else?
[Call for Submissions] A juried workshop with Adam Johnson, Paul Harding, Anthony Mara and 2 agents &amp; editors leading. Plus, 10% of students get full scholarships!
The Ultius - Academic Writing Service for Essays, Research Papers and Assignments
custom Writing help
What’s the Deal with Minimum Desirable Product?
Confessions of a Comma Whore
I drew one my favourite writers, with one of my favourite quotes, befitting the new year.
Author Interview with Julia Press Simmons
Stand Out By Saying Something Different
Iran's blogfather: Facebook, Instagram and Twitter are killing the web
Writing Excuses: How to Get the Most out of a Conference w/ Kathy Chung
Meet the Unknown Author of the Next Blockbuster Novel
How careful should one be when sharing a manuscript online?
Copy Right Question- If there is a book called Werewolf Boy Journal and mine is Werewolf Boy Makes a New Friend, is it possible for the other author to be upset by that or to infringe on Copy Right. I didn't know until today. :(
What does this say? I can't read it.
tinydeskpress.com - My 2015 Writing Project
How do you get past "doubt?"
How do I build an internet presence in preparation for a self published novel release?
The Best to Watch Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015)
How do I improve my argumentative writing style in just 1 week?
Surpassed 25K words today, I've learned something.
I desperately need a co-writer for a realistic drama novel about a woman in prison. PLEASE HELP ME!!! :(
How do you handle thoughts in the third person? Anyone considered omitting thought tags (he wondered)?
Is there a good way to avoid pronouns/names when your character is alone?
getting too fast into the action?
Expanding a short story into a novel
Is it YA or an adult book about teenagers?
How I keep track of what my characters are thinking (at least about each other).
Ever just get no response at all from an editor?
Roll Call: Working Writers
Revising drafts: am I trying too hard?
Is it okay to write cliché if you know it's cliché?
Brain exercises?
Age and Birthday Tracker?
Read Silent Stars for free on Inkitt.
How Jhumpa Lahiri Learned to Write Again
7 Things To Try When You Have Writer's Block
Can anyone give me some advice on how to resolve my short story? (All advise and criticism welcomed!)
Lithium's Wrath
Strategies For Finding The Best Topics To Write About For Your Small Business
[Article] Just published my first article on my new website, what do you think?
How can Online Essay Writing Services Help?
What are words worth now?
Andrew Michael Writing - please follow my page: https://www.facebook.com/Andrew-Michael-486354644885499/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Researchers find that typing slower than usual often enhances the quality of writing
How Music Helps To Concentrate While Writing
As an amateur writer, any tips infamous on good ways to start a story ?
It would be awesome if you fiction writers took a crack at some of these questions at r/althistory.
How can I fix the flow of this run-on sentence?
I just wrote my first "spell" in a fantasy/sci-fi that I'm currently putting together. I would be interested in hearing your thoughts. Thanks in advance!
For those of you looking for some discovery and feedback..
The Man and Saint Peter
High Schooler looking for advice
PLEASE HELP ME!!! :( I AM BEGGING YOU
Finished editing!
Question about modern writing criticism
Authors of r/writing, how do you cope?
How do I stop rushing scenes?
I have a passion
How do you decide the narrator?
What if you've got only one book to write?
How do I rekindle a fire?
Transcribing interviews - do you bother (x-post r/freelanceWriters)
Scene transitions
help me choose a title please
Frustrated with story point - Whats your opinion?
Published authors that are and are to be; has the fear of success and invasions it can bring ever paralyzed you?
Vampires and Zombies
Ask the Agent: How to tell if your agent may be a #shmagent.
Ways to Enhance Writing For The Internet
Some Writing Tips | The OG's 31 Day Writing Challenge
The death of a loved one at Christmas calls for a special eulogy
The Untold Secret To Finding Article Ideas In Less Than Ten Minutes
"Getting even is one great reason for writing" - Paris Review - The Art of Fiction No. 65, William Gass
Is my dialog any good?
Is this plaigiarism? Please, help. I am out of my mind.
If I were attempting to build a book list to improve myself as a writer (IN ALL REGARDS)-- what books would you say are must-reads?
Could I get some query feedback?
How to Write an Informative Speech? Use Your Expertise!
Hit a little hump of inactivity, but today I got back at it. If you're writing, keep writing. If you need a break, take a break. Enjoy the creation!
How do people make it big writing? How much is luck, how much skill, and how much are connections?
Seeking Advice... For an aspiring writer: Creative Writing night class or self teach?
I'm struggling to develop relationships between characters other than the main character.
How can I hone in on my writing skills?
How to get your 'foot in the door' in the newspaper industry? (specifically op-eds)
Need Help Gathering Ideas for my Writing
How many crappy, low-paying projects do you need to take on UpWork before you get some actual important work?
Do you ever write a scene and discover that it came out much shorter than expected? Is that a sign that you're "rushing" through the plotline?
New to writing...I need a formal, gender neutral term for patriarch/matriarch for my story...help!
The key to writing, beyond writing, is to read (a lot) -but is simply reading enough?
Scrivener Tips and Tricks
Writing by reading second language books
What is one thing that will make you want to put a book down?
write beautiful technical documents, choose your type processor.
Daniel Horowitz: His Obsessions
Beached and bleached. An entry for the "Worlds Adrift" competition
Global Study Helpers Offers Assignment Help in Australia
Credible words and The Word
The Ten Best Sentences in Literature and Why
How to Live Cheaply and Finish Your Novel
Truth, Memory and Memoirs
A Very British Secret by Arnold Jansen op de Haar: On New Year’s Eve, I went to the matinee at the Lyric Theatre in Hammersmith. They were performing Cinderella. It was my very first pantomime, clearly around fifty years later than for most of the other visitors.
What's the oddest story you've ever completed?
I tried to create a "live" work-in progress story on Medium. What do you think?
I subscribe to several groups that show pictures of abandoned homes and buildings. I love to think about the events that led these former dwellings to be in the condition that we now see them. Pictures of one abandoned home inspired this tonight:
Critique my first chapter?
Check out this awesome story from litjar
A childrens book for engineering
How to Write a Thesis Introduction Like a Pro
"YELLOW RAIN" (A short story) "It's my first time writing" feel free to judge and give me a feed back.
Letter to Canada Revenue Agency requesting t4s
Techniques to build your mechanical/creature/architectural/etc design terminology? (E.g. interiors: houses, rooms, paneling, flooring....)
Do you send submission queries to short story journals?
Do any of you have bipolar disorder, or some other form of mental illness?
Anonymous versus Real identity?
What's the worst/funnest novel suggestion you've ever got?
Twist that might be obvious vs the reader knows but character doesn't?
Writers in Southern California
lineage as a storytelling device
Trouble with Empathy
Flowstate is a writing app that will delete everything if you stop typing
Cooking With God
Avail Your Chance of Getting the Best Essays Written from the Best Custom Essay Writing Company
[writing] Best Bаse Of AdultDаting. Free ассess аvаilаble 2 hоurs. Hurry up!
Writing Contest - Top Prize tuition and lodging at Martha's Vineyard Institute of Creative Writing. Deadline March 20
Brandon Sanderson writing lectures
The Ultimate Guide to the Essay Writing Techniques
Does Discount Book Promotion Work?
The 7 Phases of Almost Any Writing Project.
PSA: TOR publishing has closed their submissions for unsolicited submissions to their original short fiction section.
Beginner here :) How do you add emotion to a scene while avoiding the rain cliche?
Diary of a New Writer 8 - Sailing Uncharted Waters.
11 Mistakes New Self-Published Authors Make
Why Nudity Is So Common In Horror, a short essay (535 words, x-post from r/horror) pleeease give feedback
Just finished a first draft of my novel: some thoughts on finishing
Political Correctness and the Death of Comedy
Decay- Day One
Do I have to write a novel?
Besides reading,writing, and college, what avenues do I have to get better at journalistic writing?
An aid for writing appropriate character diversity
I want to write a science fantasy book but im not sure where to start.
Creative Writing Resources
Sanity check. Is it ok to find a fictional book character hot and attractive?
A few lessons I've learned from creating an overpowered character.
Are biblical sci-fi's relevant?
I am a former literary agency intern, Ask Me Anything.
Noob here. Any good examples of a first person narrator directly undergoing the events of a story?
Switching between first person and third person points of view
queer story with a straight audience?
How do you format a character misquoting someone else?
After a very long, painful year I can finally resume my book. I need some pointers though.
Is there a website that analyzes and diagrams current books by scenes, sequels and MRUs?
I know exactly what I like to see in writing and what I consider to be great writing, but I fail at implementing it in my own writing. Thoughts?
How do you record and store your ideas, notes and useful thoughts?
Working on sci-fi set present day, where can I read about NASA operations/procedures/protocols/communications etc to make it more accurate?
When getting into the groove of writing consistently, how important do you think it is to finish your stories?
[Help] I would really like some feedback on my poetry, even if it's harsh.
What does it mean if a magazine's submission section says it, "does not pay for articles, except for a trade of 1/4 page ad."?
Transitioning From Self-Hate To Self-Love. An essay written by my close friend.
19 Ways to Get New Content Ideas
Steps of Writing a Graphic Novel
Simple spreadsheet I'm using to track feedback and plan revisions for my current novel
Learning to See Pollination Rather Than Stingers
Content writer in delhi, Content developer in delhi,
Writing my family's history. How do I work this right, so it is easy to print or (self)publish as a gift to them?
How to Convey Characterization Through Dialogue
What is the thing that you can’t but, professionals can do?
The 5-Step Writing Process: From Brainstorming to Publishing
Help from Shakespearean to English? Yet still retain the feel.
I'm currently writing an absurdist dark comedy, so does this opening line make you want to keep reading?
How to Write a Good Persuasive Essay: Mix Structure with Creativity
Editing strategies for voice, or other specific aspects of a manuscript?
Too Many Ideas at Once leading to Writers Jam; character creation questions
Successful use of flashbacks - Novel writing
I am writing about myself. Specifically about my strengths and weakness in writing for a high school writing course. How can I start my sentences other than with the word "My"?
Editing: where to start in your MS?
Attending my first writing workshop next week. Any tips on how to get the most out of it?
Is there a problem with calling my nonfiction "fiction"?
I have an idea for new writing software. MS OneNote meets Scrivener meets Mind map software. Any software guys here?
Why do all my stories get stuck around 40k words? How can I get past this?
Any success with Kindle Singles?
Not superhuman's, nor vampires. What can a weakness for my made up species be?
Needing advice on how I should approach my terrible novel.
Adverbs VS longer sentences
r/Writing, d'you know of any sailor legends, preferably about threats against sailors?
D. Moonfire's writing income post for 2015
Writing a deconstruction of the superhero genre
Question about mixing blogs and writing fiction
Recommended editors?
How do you start your stories
Do You Want to Write 12 Picture Books in 12 Months?
I Am a God (a modest blog piece about my writing process)
The internet has so many misattributed quotes and even more misattributed writing advice. Like this one that Hemingway never really said.
Cut The Sh*t: WANTED: Genuine People
Contest Offers Writing Time in Hemingway Studio in Key West
Do you get the URL for your novels?
I am writing a story on our D&amp;D campaign and would like someone (preferably not familiar with D&amp;D) to read through it. [The Adventures of Thorim Grimjaw, 3365 words with homemade illustrations, fantasy, would like to know your general impressions]
First time writing. Not a native english speaker. First draft. Please tell me what you think!
Is this character actually JC?
How to Write a Graduation Speech and Be Unforgettable
Beginning of something leading to what..?
What are some good platforms for online diaries?
Has anyone here used Patreon to crowdfund novels?
Worries of a "new" writer.
How long does one person's dialogue have to be to be split into different paragraphs?
[Weekly Critique Thread] January 24th, 2016. Post here if you'd like a critique.
Paper-and-pencil-based homework or paper-and-pencil based homework?
Intensely private person. How to begin publishing?
How do you decide what medium a story is best suited for?
Suggestions: Returning to writing for the love of writing
How do I improve my writing skills (School essay exams)?
New to writing
How likely is one to attain her dream of becoming a little known professional fringe essayist and small-time university level creative writing instructor?
What do you do when you need to use a word with cultural context in a fantasy setting?
Question: When using 3rd person limited, should the narrators' tone be the same/similar as the character?
Help a newbie out, please?
How much is too much when it comes to dialogue?
Writing Excuses: Your First Contract.
What was it all for?
The three-cornered fight for the soul of the GOP
How do you cope with form rejections? Cross-post from YAWriters with different perspectives on the submission process.
8 Inspiring Creative Writing Blogs
Hey boys I'm Rimma and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Does anyone write online using a tool? what is that tool? Mainly looking and story development here not wordpress etc.
Slow down your typing to improve your writing: Study
Eavesdropping, Observing and Writing In Cafes
Non-Fiction: Share some of your favorite articles or tell us about your favorite non-fiction writer. Why are they soo good?
George RR Martin: when writers just can't finish their books
Does this article of "Reasons why manuscripts get rejected" sound like they know what they're talking? Cause it doesn't really seem that way to me.
Having troubles with the fundamentals of my fantasy story
Would someone please revise this email? I am writing to a recruiter I interviewed with earlier this month but eventually rejected.
Do ambiguous settings work?
Would you guys mind critiquing my writing off of my first chapter of my book?
Figure It Out: How to Write a Topic Sentence for an Argumentative Essay
Would anybody be able to hear out my assessment story plot and help me develop/improve it?
how hard do trolls chow down on breakfast?
Someone want to help proofreading?
I wrote a myth
First or Third person narrative?
When writing fiction I try to keep in either first OR third person but is it such a no no to vary the style between chapters?
Who decides what is and isn't fan fiction?
Electronic Pen?
Should I get a minor in Creative Writing?
Any good stories online?
Would like feedback - Response to a random quote
Finding your voice
The Big Bad, and his Reasons.
Beginning a story by revealing the end
Has anyone else discovered that they tend to think a lot of the same stuff over again when they edit?
sending out your book for representation? let me help.
Write Like Everyone's Watching
Seattle to pay poet to live in a bridge
Freelance content writing india
DANCERS - a winter ghost story.
I'm about 2000 words in, and can't shake a nervous feeling that what I'm writing sucks... Ever had that feeling?
Is Hancock the interesting Superman?
Podcast - 2nd Story in is a great tip for overcoming writer's block
The novel is dead (this time it's for real)
Put off procrastinating… forever! Tips on how to be more productive
David Bowie’s Formative Reading List of 75 Favorite Books
Faith, Fiction, Friends: Mary Harwell Sayler’s “Christian Writer’s Guide”
Which publishing route makes more than $500k per year? It might surprise you!
I wrote a meta piece on writing and the ego that I you might find interesting
Prowritingaid can open Scrivener files!
[Request] My first car just had to be send to the junkyard. Can someone write it a short sad and funny good bye letter?
4 Tips to Become a Better Essay Writer
I have to write a short (~2 pages) until tomorrow and I can't think of anything to write about.
30 for 30 (30 stories in 30 days)
Can you be a good writer if you are socially isolated?
I feel like I'm being hindered by third-person narrative conventions (limited, omniscient, and objective). What would fit best into this story?
Thinking of changing everything from first-person to third-person
Fictional memoir?
Question Concerning Dialogue
The House's Money - Poorly Written Product Description
I'm writing a novel and I'm about 60 pages into it. I find myself getting side tracked and distracted easily. I've been working on it for about a year now, is there any advice that the more seasoned writers of Reddit would suggest?
I can't seem to relate to the emphasis on "personal problem" at all.
Should I abandon my seemingly cliche' novel that I enjoy writing and start from scratch?
Measurements of time and names of days/months/years.
Writing software question - looking for a windows writing software that allows you to roll back and look at revisions to your document either by chapter or the whole document
"Found text", how to frame a novel as a historic document.
Villains that know they're villains...
Tips for VERY short prose/drama
When do you bring in beta-readers?
I have many ideas for a story, but I don't know anything about story writing. Are there elements to be learned, and where should I start ?
Scene &amp; Sequels
Tips on overcoming crippling self doubt that leads to writers block.
Is the "prophecy" a cliche literary device?
Comment your opening lines/paragraph, and give feedback to others
Custom Essay Writing Service
Euphemisms, Political Correctness and “Soft Language”
Please help me get this pdf for free. I really need it. I lost some of my worksheets.
15 Dias 08 Horas 11 Minutos 03 Segundos por Edrapecor .Vista Previa
What The Blizzard Taught Me About Writing A Novel
Robert Newton Peck's "How to Write Fiction Like a Pro"
Assignment Writing Services
Assignment Writing Services
People who write comedies (or any story with a few funny moments) what's the funniest thing you've written in a story?
Do We Really Know What Makes A Great Writer?
Any rules about mentioning other peoples books?
How absurd is this idea?
Looking for a writing buddy
The Stanford Marshmallow Project vs. first books
Advice about a story I'm writing; what I want or where the characters lead me?
I'm a ghostwriter who has written for David Foster Wallace, Thomas Pynchon, Don DeLillo, Haruki Murakami, and others. Ask me anything.
Don't go to /r/DestructiveReaders if you want good criticism. Just... just don't.
Need feedback on my first book/series.
Wrote this poem for the girl i like, she is turning twenty today!
That Special Writer (18+)
THE POOR KIDS SHARPEN STICKS ON BAD IDEAS
Critique of my "combat" scene, please!
Tackling a second draft for the first time
What are things that might work printed but don't work in audiobook form? And vice versa?
Is it ok to write a first draft full of crap cliches, bad history, shallow ideas, and shitty names. Knowing you're going to go back after every draft with new knowledge?
Struggling with preparation of novel
Lit Journal "Lunch Ticket Magazine" is Accepting Submissions!
How are professional authors able to churn out so much content so quickly? What is the secret to just getting a book done?
Writing Collaboration
looking for a place to share blog posts and get feedback.
Prologues: I don't think they mean what you think they mean
What does your protagonist want?
Protagonist Goals Seem Thin and Flat
Have you ever found any writing resources that turned out to be not so good?
Help assembling a memoir-writing kit for my father's 70th birthday
"We do not write because we want to; we write because we have to."
On spouses and editors
How would you write a fascist state as being "not actually that bad"
"Every word you write is worthwhile: it is progressing your story and more importantly it is progressing your writing skill. The end goal is not the book, but becoming a better storyteller and writer." - Brandon Sanderson [paraphrased 17:33 mark]
A lonely story: the perils of writing in solitude
Interview with a Gatekeeper: Graywolf’s Jeff Shotts
Genuinely guaranteed no more Writers Block using this!... It's how I'm writing my novel..
Sports Writers Wanted
Here is something I'm working on to get into the Notre Dame Creative Writing Graduate Program. Serious Comments and advice welcome.
Get Management Assignment Help Online from Global Study Helpers in Australia
Stop Fighting Your Inner-Critic: The Biggest Obstacle Your Writing Faces is Yourself
Which one book, more than any other, made you want to write your own (and why)?
If anyone is looking for a fun exercise I've recently began writing short stories based of narrative songs, sometimes even including dialog direct from the song. Great way to work through writer's block.
Are you done with your Academic Project Or Working on the Map?﻿
I've just written something that made me a little sick - is this normal?
Support my writing on Patreon &lt;3
Writing papers with Markdown
