Who was the doctoral supervisor of Albert Einstein?
Did Kaurismäki ever win the Grand Prix at Cannes?
Who wrote the song Hotel California?
Who was on the Apollo 11 mission?
Which electronics companies were founded in Beijing?
What is in a chocolate chip cookie?
Was the wife of president Lincoln called Mary?
How many movies did Park Chan-wook direct?
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
Which Indian company has the most employees?
In which school did Obama's wife study?
Where does Piccadilly start?
What is the capital of Cameroon?
When did the Boston Tea Party take place?
Who played Gus Fring in Breaking Bad?
Who wrote Harry Potter?
Which actors play in Big Bang Theory?
What is the largest country in the world?
Which states border Illinois?
How many goals did Pelé score?
Who is the president of Eritrea?
Which computer scientist won an oscar?
Who created Family Guy?
How many people live in Poland?
To which party does the mayor of Paris belong?
Who does the voice of Bart Simpson?
Who composed the soundtrack for Cameron's Titanic?
When did Boris Becker end his active career?
Show me all basketball players that are higher than 2 meters.
What country is Sitecore from?
Which country was Bill Gates born in?
Who developed Slack?
In which city did Nikos Kazantzakis die?
How many grand-children did Jacques Cousteau have?
Which films did Stanley Kubrick direct?
Does Neymar play for Real Madrid?
How many seats does the home stadium of FC Porto have?
Show me all books in Asimov's Foundation series.
Which movies star both Liz Taylor and Richard Burton?
In which city are the headquarters of the United Nations?
In which city was the president of Montenegro born?
Which writers studied in Istanbul?
Who is the mayor of Paris?
What is the full name of Prince Charles?
What is the longest river in China?
Who discovered Ceres?
When did princess Diana die?
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany.
How many moons does Mars have?
What was the first Queen album?
Did Elvis Presley have children?
Give me a list of all Canadians that reside in the U.S.
Where is Syngman Rhee buried?
In which countries do people speak Japanese?
Who is the king of the Netherlands?
Who produced the most films?
Show me all Czech movies.
Which rivers flow into the North Sea?
When did Operation Overlord commence?
Where do the Red Sox play?
In which time zone is Rome?
Give me a list of all critically endangered birds.
How much did the Lego Movie cost?
What was the original occupation of the inventor of Lego?
Which countries have more than ten volcanoes?
Show me all U.S. states.
Who wrote the Game of Thrones theme?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
When was Olof Palme shot?
How many emperors did China have?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
Which country has the most official languages?
How did Michael Jackson die?
