what is the name of justin bieber brother?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars?
what country is the grand bahama island in?
what kind of money to take to bahamas?
what character did john noble play in lord of the rings?
who does joakim noah play for?
where are the nfl redskins from?
where did saki live?
how old is sacha baron cohen?
what time zone am i in cleveland ohio?
who did draco malloy end up marrying?
which countries border the us?
where is rome italy located on a map?
what is nina dobrev nationality?
which kennedy died first?
what books did beverly cleary right?
where to fly into bali?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia?
what to see near sedona arizona?
what high school did president bill clinton attend?
what form of government does russia have today?
what movies does taylor lautner play in?
what year lebron james came to the nba?
which wife did king henry behead?
who was ishmael's mom?
what was malcolm x trying to accomplish?
where are the netherlands on a world map?
what is the president of brazil?
what are the major cities in france?
what city did esther live in?
what sport do the toronto maple leafs play?
what is saint nicholas known for?
what is cher's son's name?
what party was andrew jackson?
what county is the city of hampton va in?
what is the name of the first harry potter novel?
what did william shakespeare do for a living?
what county is heathrow airport in?
what movie is josh hutcherson in?
where do the san francisco giants play home games?
what year did william jennings bryan run for president?
what was the name of frederick douglass book?
who was queen victoria's parents called?
what movies did sally field win an oscar for?
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?
what countries do people speak portuguese?
what are the names of walt disney kids?
who is in the band bush?
what was tupac name in juice?
what timezone is australia gmt?
who does maggie grace play in taken?
what style of music did louis armstrong play?
what tv show did joey lawrence play on?
what timezone is denver co?
what character did brian austin green play on 90210?
where does jackie french live?
what form of government was practiced in sparta?
when did the colorado rockies go to the world series?
what college did matt lauer attend?
where to go in london england?
what school did joan miro attend?
who was vincent van gogh inspired by?
when did the new york knicks win a championship?
where is jack daniels factory?
what language do the speak in pakistan?
where is santa clara university?
where did timothy mcveigh go to prison?
what sea does the yangtze river flow into?
who miley cyrus engaged to?
what kind of money should i take to jamaica?
who is robert downey jr wife?
where do the ny rangers play?
where is jefferson davis buried?
when will oscar pistorius compete?
what years have the dallas cowboys won the superbowl?
what awards has louis sachar won?
who are the current senators from missouri?
who was the president after jfk died?
what is the best currency to take to egypt 2013?
what planes does the navy have?
where did benjamin franklin died?
what is the local language of israel?
what city and state was the air force academy established?
what's the national sport of puerto rico?
what religion are people in russia?
what did shawnee smith play in?
what countries did queen victoria reign over?
where did dr seuss go to school?
what team does luis suarez play for?
what are dollars called in spain?
who plays meg in family guy?
what high school did tim allen go to?
what is the world's tallest building in dubai called?
where does asiana airlines fly to?
what movie did angelina jolie direct?
where did martin luther king got shot?
where to visit near bangkok?
what year did tut became king?
who is the current president of the dominican republic in 2010?
who has been married to julia roberts?
where do baltimore ravens play?
who does brandon dubinsky play for?
who all has dated taylor swift?
what is the dominant language in israel?
what are the main languages of nigeria?
what jobs did ben franklin do?
what bible does the catholic church follow?
who plays lola bunny in the looney tunes show?
who did rufus wainwright married?
where did c.s. lewis go to college?
what did nick clegg study at university?
who is the president of the european union 2011?
what school did cassie bernall go to?
what movie did james frey write?
what did rob kardashian get surgery for?
what did st. matthew do?
what was nelson mandela's religion?
what is henry clay known for?
who did axl rose marry?
what is the money of spain called?
who was elected president of the philippines?
what cities does ryanair fly to?
what time zone is oklahoma state?
who was the apostle paul considered to be?
what currency does ontario canada use?
what instrument does justin bieber?
what team did shaq play for first?
where was kennedy when he got shot?
who do derek fisher play for?
where did the casey anthony case take place?
where did pres clinton go to college?
what was the name of the original seattle baseball team?
when were the texas rangers started?
where did the houston oilers football team go?
where did pauley perrette go to college?
where does niles crane live?
where was gabriel faure born?
who is the governor of kentucky 2012?
who is the senator of the united states 2010?
where did the massive allied invasion of northern france take place in june 1944?
which countries are part of the united kingdom?
what is the postcode for london?
what other books did jules verne wrote?
what is the currency name of brazil?
what language does fiji?
what is the second percy jackson book called?
who did jon gosselin cheat with?
where is mitsubishi headquarters?
where is jay cutler now?
what are eu countries?
what influenced vincent van gogh work?
what time zones are there in the us?
what are the 5 biggest cities in the usa?
what language do australian people speak?
who did ben stiller play in megamind?
what countries did queen victoria rule?
who are betty white's parents?
where did jeff dunham go to school?
what college did kevjumba?
who does david james play for 2011?
what movies did diana ross play in?
what is the zip code for minneapolis?
what country is the west bank located in?
who won golden boot?
where did jane mansfield die?
where is the thames river located?
when did kings last win stanley cup?
what school did william shakespeare attend?
what money do they use in chile?
what college did peyton manning?
what are the 2 conferences in the nfl?
when did jennifer lopez start on in living color?
what character does ellen play in finding nemo?
when was the last time the ny giants were in the super bowl?
what are all the names of harry potter?
what does nick cannon play in?
what sort of government does brazil have?
where did matthias schleiden go to school?
what county is rihanna from?
what happened to daddy yankee?
what country is located in the balkan peninsula?
what 6 states border south dakota?
what are the main languages spoken in spain?
what songs did mozart write?
what language do they speak in thai?
who is the new senator of montana?
which airport to fly in rome?
what language people speak in afghanistan?
what language do people speak in brazil wikipedia?
what cities should i visit in california?
where was princess leia raised?
what is the name of the pittsburgh steelers head coach?
when did the lakers win the championship?
what year was the great san francisco fire?
what countries share borders with france?
what did patrick swayze sing?
what style of art is salvador dali?
what city was leonardo da vinci from?
what did george v die of?
what are the three major rivers in south america?
what other discoveries did isaac newton discover?
who started pixar?
who is tia and tamera mowry parents?
what political party was lincoln?
what kind of government is china?
where is the nation of greece located?
what three countries does mexico border?
what year was the new york blackout?
which countries have english as native language?
what position does rafael furcal play?
what are major exports of the usa?
what shows did kellie martin star in?
where did rihanna grow up?
where is whistler mountain located?
what currency do i need in cuba?
what country did james cook come from?
who is julia roberts married to 2012?
what sport does rebecca adlington compete in?
when did the christchurch quake happened?
what other countries does canada trade with?
who played mason capwell?
what is james madison most famous for?
where was the battle of antietam creek?
during what war did abraham lincoln serve as president?
who are shakespeare's parents names?
where is she from shakira?
who did hera marry?
what type of guitar does kirk hammett play?
what language they speak in the philippines?
where is the kakadu national park located?
what money does jamaica use?
what year did william mckinley became president?
what date did kennedy become president?
what timezone is colorado in right now?
who owns aston martin 2012?
what disease has jack osbourne got?
who will david beckham play for in 2013?
what language they speak in taiwan?
who owns the toronto maple leafs?
what county is novato california in?
what are the basic beliefs of sikhism?
where did hernando cortez die?
who was liz taylor married too?
where was the ancient region of mesopotamia?
who was real housewives brandi married to?
what's the book hitler wrote in prison?
where is the ottoman empire located?
which city held the summer olympics twice?
who are the green bay packers owned by?
what inspired langston hughes to write poetry?
what languages are there in switzerland?
what does australia export?
where did henry knox die?
who is married to garry trudeau?
what language do they speak in northern ireland?
what countries make up continental europe?
what do abrahamic religions have in common?
what did johnny crawford sing?
what did abraham lincoln do before he was president?
what sport does sally pearson compete in?
where is atlanta texas located?
who did elton john marry first?
where is tom cruise from?
what movies did madonna appear in?
where does leland chapman live now?
where was the roman colosseum located?
what date was abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what time zone is new york under?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
who voiced meg in the pilot?
where did bashar al assad study?
who plays lois lane in superman returns?
who is the voice of stewie griffin from family guy?
what films did charlie chaplin direct?
who does lea michele dating in real life?
when did joe walsh leave the eagles?
when was the musical annie written?
what should you see in london?
who does billy beane work for now?
what subatomic particles did jj thomson discover?
what films have taylor lautner been in?
who were anakin skywalker's parents?
who played the voice of aladdin?
what exactly did dale earnhardt die from?
what year did miami heat win the championship?
what kind of government did benito mussolini have?
who was emperor diocletian?
who is chelsea kane?
who is darwin and what is his theory?
what did obama study in school?
where did deion sanders play baseball?
who is the new governor of oregon?
what continent is south africa part of?
what movies has taylor lautner been in 2011?
what did kate winslet get an oscar for?
what company did henry ford work for?
where indian ocean is located?
who was mary's mother?
where is american express located?
what is the china money called?
what is the government of spain today?
where is the howard university located?
what do catholics call their god?
what is the capital of alaska state?
what college did jeff corwin go to?
who speaks farsi?
who was neptune discovered by?
who were the major trade partners of russia?
what did corey haim really die of?
where did pavlova originate?
where did nathaniel hawthorne die?
where did jack johnson go to high school?
who played maxie jones on general hospital?
what are buddhist gods?
who influenced wolfgang amadeus mozart?
when was the last dallas cowboys super bowl win?
what language do they speak in iceland wikipedia?
when was blessed kateri born?
when did the bali bombings occur?
what is the political system in south africa?
where did joe montana go to high school?
where is the nation of palestine?
what countries speak english primarily?
what states does the missouri river touch?
what is in liverpool england?
what state is harvard college located?
where was leonardo da vinci when he died?
what money do japanese use?
what is the time zone in oklahoma city?
what killed whitney houston?
what kind of government did the mali empire have?
what is the religion of israel people?
what is mount st helens?
what airport is closest to sandals grande in st lucia?
which country is north of the usa?
where does drew gordon play?
who was the first russian president?
what language does people in netherlands speak?
what type of language does china speak?
what countries around the world speak french?
who is esther hicks?
what does michael vick do?
in which province is johannesburg?
where was john lennon standing when he was shot?
what state did al gore represent?
who voiced darth vader in revenge of the sith?
what type of art is henri matisse famous for?
what to do in laughlin nevada?
who plays princess padme in star wars?
who was louis riel?
what are the four nations of the uk?
who was judy garland married to?
where is abraham lincoln hometown?
what disease did helen keller?
what is the name of money in brazil?
what year did lakers win championship?
what is the atlanta braves mascot?
who played dumbledore in the first movie?
where was greenpeace an international environmental organization founded?
what was the first name of the washington redskins?
what sports do they do in canada?
who was the first leader of the afl?
who is the arizona cardinals football coach?
where was the battle of waterloo held?
what was marilyn monroe known for?
where did lee corso go to college?
who are the colorado eagles?
where does lala anthony live?
what currency do they accept in kenya?
what do they speak in iran?
who did ayrton senna drive for?
where is the best place to vacation in the dominican republic?
where was brad pitt born?
what position does vernon davis play?
where is the euro 2012 tournament?
what time is right now in texas?
what to see and do in malta?
where did dolly parton grew up?
what state is rick santorum from?
what countries does queen elizabeth ii reign?
what is jonas brothers names?
what art movements was henri matisse involved in?
what are some famous tourist attractions in germany?
who's kobe bryant?
what type of government system does saudi arabia have?
what countries did czechoslovakia become?
what songs did richard marx write?
what did ryan dunn died from?
what war was george washington associated with?
who does kris humphries play for in the nba?
where tupac grew up?
where did al capone go to jail?
what type of music did richard wagner play?
what do you call money in brazil?
what team did tim tebow play for in college?
what airport in paris?
what nationality was andy williams?
where did matthew brady live?
what ball does rickie fowler play?
who are the broncos players?
where do most of the people live in japan?
in what country do they speak basque?
where is belgium at?
what religions are in russia?
what government system does north korea have?
what did einstein do?
in what country is amsterdam?
what are the most common religions in the united states?
what did martin luther king jr go to college for?
where did sir ernest shackleton come from?
what made jimi hendrix great?
who did aaron rodgers play college football 4?
who plays nathan scott?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
where is mount whitney?
who created the character of romeo?
what are some places to visit in new york?
where is puntland somalia?
where did drew stanton play in college?
what is kareem abdul jabbar real name?
what countries fall in eastern europe?
what are taylor swift's albums?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia now?
when was mary poppins made?
what did king edward vi died from?
who did johnny bench play for?
who does the islamic worship?
where is napoleon buried?
what language do people speak in iceland?
where do houston aeros play?
what to see and do in galway ireland?
what year did brandon roy get drafted?
what are the names of michael jackson children?
what is pennsylvania's state flower called?
what book did niccolo machiavelli write?
what religions are found in australia?
what college did drew bledsoe?
where is the mtv headquarters?
who does michael vick play for?
what is guatemala current system of government?
what is anderson silva trained in?
which countries does russia border?
what does pixar produce?
what did emily dickinson die of?
who played lois lane in superman 1?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
what language do fiji people speak?
what victoria beckham kids names?
where is new york in the map?
what did jimmy valvano die with?
what teams did charles barkley?
when was bill clinton elected president?
where did giovanni pierluigi da palestrina live?
when michael jordan got drafted?
what kind of money do the philippines use?
who played dorothy in the wizard of oz movie?
who does marion barber play 4?
what college did james franco go to?
how many teams are there in the ncaa football?
who is garrett pretty little liars?
what type of currency should i take to mexico?
what did lucille ball die of?
what religion was john f kennedy?
where was the earthquake in chile 2010?
what style of art does andy warhol do?
what movies did ron howard do?
what county is charlotte north carolina?
what type of government and economic system does the united states have?
who is michelle obama?
where did kate middleton go to prep school?
what type of government does nigeria have today?
what did hans oersted discovered in 1819?
what is the very first harry potter book?
what kourtney kardashian name her daughter?
what kind of government does chile have today?
where did richard arkwright die?
who played luke skywalker in star wars episode 4?
what movies has taylor lautner?
where does sam bradford play?
where was hackney 2012 held?
where does the st louis rams play football?
what year did scottie pippen come into the nba?
where are you if you re in zagreb?
what city was selena gomez born in?
who does dominic monaghan play in lord of the rings?
who sang for pink floyd?
what is the current time in nigeria lagos?
what shows did henry winkler produce?
what state was texaco gas founded?
who is the senator of connecticut 2010?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys went to the super bowl?
what is brazil time zone?
what do people in the czech republic speak?
who was tex beneke?
what are all the things thomas edison invented?
what does albania speak?
what is shakira's nationality?
who is playing bilbo baggins?
what position did george washington serve in the constitutional convention?
where is the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament?
what episode did kate leave ncis?
where are the seneca indians now?
what did farrah dad do?
where did matt barnes play?
where does the jordan river begin?
what college did lil wayne graduated from?
where did rihanna come from?
who does kurt busch drive for now?
what years did the knicks win the championship?
what is the time zone in uk now?
what state did thomas jefferson live in?
where are google headquarters located?
what was richard wright known for?
where is the nascar hall of fame?
what do australia call their money?
what was the name of wright brothers plane?
where is located university of leeds?
who is gilbert gottfried snl?
what language do they denmark?
what did martin luther do?
what team did grover cleveland alexander play for?
what was eli whitney nationality?
what was christiaan barnard famous for?
where was dwight d. eisenhower from?
where do audi come from?
what team is chris paul on?
what to do washington dc december?
what language is spoken in singapore?
who is sanjay gupta married too?
what do singapore speak?
what movies did luke perry play in?
who wrote the book of st. john?
who is kobe bryant dad?
what continent does israel belong to?
what is the capital city of albania?
what is wentworth miller in?
who killed harvey milk?
what was the title of the first book dr. seuss wrote?
who owns nissan car manufacturer?
where is the university of west alabama located?
what did kenny everett die off?
what main language do they speak in brazil?
where does joey king live?
how many australian states and territories?
what was manchester united first name?
who is the governor of hawaii now?
when did herbert hoover become president?
where did elvis presley started his career?
what jobs did harriet tubman have?
where does unesco operate?
what does amanda seyfried play in?
what language do people speak in iran?
what is the jurisdiction of the us supreme court?
what voice does hank azaria do on the simpsons?
who is the leader of japan?
what time zone is the uk in right now?
what instrument does bela fleck play?
what position does ray allen?
what branch is made up of the house of representatives?
where did chancellorsville battle take place?
what year was the cubs last world series?
who is playing hawkeye in the avengers movie?
what country speak english as native language?
who was king or queen after victoria?
what movie did rihanna play in?
when was the last time the oakland raiders were in the super bowl?
what religion was mary todd lincoln?
who is the house of representatives made up of?
who all has jason kidd played for?
where is headquarters of verizon?
where is the country of cyprus located?
who invented dell computer?
where did morgan freeman come from?
where did bob barker grow up?
what are king charles spaniels?
who played juni in spy kids 4?
what year did the new york mets start?
where did neil gaiman grow up?
what books did aristotle wrote?
where is eu headquarters located?
who runs the cornelia marie now?
where did john muir die?
where was selena gomez raised?
what countries are in the andean region?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won a world series?
what airport do you fly into for destin?
what country was george washington from?
what year did pete rose play?
where does kyla ross live?
what does jackson browne sing?
what has anna kendrick been in?
what are the major imports of the united states?
what are the team colors for the pittsburgh steelers?
what is the current government system in france?
what did roy rogers die of?
what is calabria italy?
what are the major religions practiced in israel?
what years did andrew jackson run for president?
what 4 countries make up great britain?
where did madoff live in nyc?
how many languages are there in the philippines?
who did heinrich himmler marry?
who was josh groban in crazy stupid love?
where is the columbia university located?
what team does kris humphries play for in 2011?
what did the scientist thomson discover?
where did john boehner come from?
where did martin luther king junior go to college?
who was carrie underwood in soul surfer?
who plays lois griffin in family guy?
what did julian fellowes write?
where does selena gomez live map?
who does the islam worship?
who was married to lance armstrong?
what is venus named for?
who did john fox coach for?
what years have the dodgers won the world series?
what did farrah have surgery for?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945?
who does john beck play for?
what god do catholics believe in?
where did robbie hummel go to high school?
what year did the cleveland indians go to the world series?
who owns the cleveland browns?
what language do jewish speak?
who does danneel harris play on one tree hill?
what inspired michelangelo?
who was the colts coach in 2011?
what airport is closer to downtown houston?
where does liz mcclarnon live?
what city is fc schalke 04 in?
what system of government is used in south korea?
where did giovanni da verrazano come from?
what airport is close to daytona beach florida?
what was omar epps first movie?
who did the baltimore ravens draft in 2011?
who won the governor election in puerto rico?
what group is aubrey o'day in?
what college did joe namath go to?
who invented arabic alphabet?
where was president lyndon johnson from?
what did wagner compose?
what language did jewish people speak?
who does michael oher play for in 2009?
what years did barry bonds play?
who played emma frost?
what clubs has peter crouch played for?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011?
who owns skywest?
who did michael jordan marry?
where is the syracuse university?
what has mario lopez been in?
where do logan browning live?
when did mcdonalds officially open?
where is lake waynoka ohio?
who did jeremy lin sign with?
who played emperor palpatine?
where are the pyramids of giza located?
who were demeter's brothers and sisters?
what instrument was louis armstrong famous for?
what date did the san francisco giants win the world series?
what province is canada's capital located in?
on which continent is the usa located?
where is singapore on a world map?
what is the main language of israel?
what college did kerry collins?
what did bob ross die of?
where did martin luther live in?
what are all the songs nicki minaj is in?
what groups was hitler involved in?
what college did magic johnson go to?
what kind of language do they speak in greece?
what to see in chicago downtown?
what kind of money does the philippines use?
what did george eastman make?
what movies has billy burke been in?
who was rudolf virchow?
what is the last movie brittany murphy made?
with which countries does south africa trade?
what kind of language do they speak in china?
what office does hillary clinton hold?
what are the major religions in uk?
where did jennifer hudson go to school?
what type of guitar does john mayer play?
when did toronto blue jays become a team?
what is the zip code for moorpark ca?
what continent is the usa located in?
what is the currency of spain called?
which country is to the north of the united states of america?
what 3 states border the pacific ocean?
what did mozart do to become famous?
where was avril lavigne born?
what are the 3 official languages of spain?
what type of government does australia currently have?
which countries do germany border?
what county is tampa located in?
who has coached the minnesota vikings?
what movies have queen latifah played in?
where are they now jessica mcclure?
what year did tim duncan enter the nba?
who played alf on the tv show?
who was the vice president when bill clinton was in office?
which countries does south africa export to?
what other cars does gm make?
who did george lucas get engaged to?
what movies does leo howard play in?
what instruments does john williams use?
who does messi play with?
what is the language spoken in brazil?
who was johnny cash's first wife?
what a city in montana?
what timezone is toronto canada?
what was the milwaukee brewers old name?
what type of political system does russia have?
what is the political system in egypt?
what airport is in kauai hawaii?
what team chris paul play for?
what currency should i take to jamaica?
what is illinois state bird?
what three continents touch the atlantic ocean?
what language do u speak in egypt?
what teams has lionel messi played for?
what countries in north america continent?
what time zone is colorado springs co?
what school did sergio romo go to?
who did adam sandler married?
who play luke skywalker?
where did john howard live?
what music did beethoven composed?
what does the name rome mean?
what inspired scott fitzgerald?
what did george steinbrenner do?
what influenced langston hughes to write?
where did pablo picasso die?
who was judy collins married to?
what do they speak in cambodia?
what kind of insurance does geico offer?
who is the prime minister of new zealand now?
what time is nebraska now?
what did nick carter sister died of?
who is james dean?
where did bob dylan live?
where did pres. obama go to school?
who is nina dobrev playing in perks of being a wallflower?
what is there to see in barcelona?
who is larry ellison oracle?
what is the zip code for fort stockton texas?
what teams drafted the morris twins?
what state does obama come from?
who does tim howard play for club?
what did egyptians speak?
what is vanderbilt's mascot?
what did whitney houston die off?
when was george w bush sworn in?
what middle school did barack obama attend?
what are the airports in chicago?
what was van gogh famous for?
where did jane goodall go to school?
who won 2012 presidential election in france?
what does donald trump own?
where did emily murphy go to school?
what are the major religions in russia?
what do most nigerians speak?
who was the general for the british in the revolutionary war?
where president nixon was born?
what currency does thailand accept?
what else did eli whitney invent?
who founded collegehumor?
where did barack obama attend school?
what jobs did albert einstein have?
where to travel around sydney?
what are the names of michael jackson movies?
what are the islands of oceania?
what timezone is illinois on?
what is the currency in france?
where is the head office of hsbc bank?
where was martin cooper from?
where is spain exactly located?
what is the currency name of china?
what movies did charlie hunnam play in?
what kind of government does italy have?
what medium is the school of athens?
what year michael jordan came in the nba?
what year did florida marlins win the world series?
what movie did marlee matlin won an academy award for?
who is leann rimes with now?
who is the current leader of china today?
where north dakota located?
what countries did queen elizabeth ii rule?
who played forrest gump as a kid?
where was the battle of vicksburg held?
what kind of artist is henri matisse?
who is the head coach of the tennessee titans?
what type of government does fiji have?
in what state did the bloody battle of antietam take place?
who was dan cody?
what language do people speak in turkey?
what are all the inventions benjamin franklin made?
what was wrong with joan crawford?
who does debbie dingle go out with?
what country was anton van leeuwenhoek from?
who played todd manning on one life to live?
what does latin america consist of?
who is the manager of the st louis cardinals?
where in oregon was stand by me filmed?
what did writers of the harlem renaissance write about?
what is the language they speak in jamaica?
where did prophet daniel died?
what state was theodore roosevelt from?
what form of government does brazil have?
where did lebron james go to highschool?
where was toussaint l'ouverture from?
where do the fla marlins play?
what type of art does wassily kandinsky do?
who won london mayoral elections 2012?
who was arthur miller father?
what influenced william morris to be an artist?
what super bowls have the giants won?
where was rod stewart born?
which country uses euro as its main currency?
who is ruling tunisia now?
who played eowyn in the lord of the rings movies?
what important office did abraham lincoln hold?
which country has adopted the euro as its currency ( 1 point )?
where did michael jordan play high school basketball?
what type of cancer did huell howser die of?
what timezone is minneapolis in?
who is aidan davis?
what was nicolaus copernicus occupation?
what did richard arkwright contribute to the industrial revolution?
what kind of currency does greece have?
when did manchester united first win a trophy?
where is the mozambique located?
where is isthmus of panama located?
what to see in washington dc in 2 days?
where is azerbaijan?
what is the money of argentina called?
what college did matt schaub play for?
what did bella abzug do?
what sights to see in madrid?
what films has gerard butler starred in?
what films did hans zimmer wrote music for?
where was alice paul born?
what did john quincy adams died of?
who did juan ponce de leon mary?
what time zone in the uk?
what is the political system in italy?
who is the leader of france 2012?
who is raquel welch's daughter?
what kind of art did leonardo da vinci produce?
what does the zambezi river flow into?
what states does the connecticut river flow through?
what money is used in the maldives?
where does mike leach coach?
what is the zip code of new york city?
what condition does michael j fox have?
where did jrr tolkien live?
what are the major languages of italy?
what to do in panama city beach fl?
what is currency in dominican republic?
where is san miguel mexico on map?
where are the great pyramid of giza located?
what was liam neeson's character in star wars?
who plays the voice of lois griffin?
what team does sergio aguero play for?
what is the capital of georgia?
who is the present chief justice of the u.s. supreme court?
who is susan st james?
what is chris paul's son name?
who does josh hutcherson play in the hunger games?
what is the state flag of colorado called?
who plays claire in lost?
who are senators from new jersey?
who does jamie campbell bower play in breaking dawn?
what language do denmark?
where marie curie come from?
who is facebook's founder?
what kind of money do you use in aruba?
what language do people speak in costa rica?
what kind of music does john mayer play?
what is lil wayne real name?
what is the political system of the us?
what religions are practiced in afghanistan?
where is the world series 2012 being played?
what kind of language do irish speak?
what cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
where does allen iverson live now?
where was dwight howard born?
what timezone is texas san antonio in?
where is alexandria located?
what is australian currency?
what team does chris humphrey play for?
where do most chinese live?
when did the raiders win the superbowl?
where is the euro used?
where did pixie lott go to school?
what date did we invade iraq?
what is the new orleans hornets new name?
who is hugh hefner dating now in 2012?
what do the buddha believe in?
when did braves win the world series?
what is the name of walt disney's son?
what are some sights to see in rome?
where is jack daniels tennessee whiskey made?
what time zone is it in london england?
who was governor of texas in 2003?
what is yale university mascot?
what is the currency used in tunisia?
what language group does polish belong to?
what is the name of the new orleans saints football stadium?
what are five countries that border france?
where was hockey world cup 2010 held?
what type of music was scott joplin noted for?
where did sergio romo go to college?
where is adam smith from?
who became president after harding died?
in what city did machiavelli live?
what illnesses did george washington have?
where is north port florida located?
who is jennifer lawrence boyfriend 2012?
who was the voice of kitt?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives currently?
when did sean murray first appear on ncis?
who is abraham maslow?
where did the cuban missile crisis happen?
what is benedict arnold famous for?
where is the original mona lisa?
what is jill wagner on wipeout?
what type of language does peru speak?
where is port lavaca tx?
which team does ronaldinho play for 2013?
what kind of books does nicholas sparks wrote?
what countries has spanish as their official language?
what business does raj kundra do?
what movies is molly ringwald in?
what is the time zone in california called?
what team does drogba play for 2013?
what is the northeast of the united states?
what currency does brazil use?
what timezone does sweden have?
who played lois en superman?
where does the zambezi river end?
what is the money currency in switzerland?
what state did george washington live in?
where is mount vernon virginia?
where is kia car from?
when did george w bush take office?
where do the kansas city chiefs play?
what countries does the mississippi river run through?
in what modern country is the yucatan peninsula located?
what does starbucks sell?
who is lincoln steffens?
what type of political system does iran have?
who does the voice of lois in family guy?
what are all the movies channing tatum has been in?
where is the country of panama located?
what state did woodrow wilson represent?
where is university of alabama located?
who was arthur miller influenced by?
which countries use euro money?
where is el salvador located?
what year was kevin durant drafted?
what illnesses did george washington suffer from?
what are some places to visit in barcelona?
what happened to nina simone?
where is wellsville missouri?
who played princess leia from star wars?
who is the current queen of australia?
where did galileo go to school?
who all was richard burton married to?
who did david villa play for?
what did copernicus invented?
what's jamaica country code?
where robert frost went to school?
what county is plainfield il in?
what country is the mekong river located in?
who founded the sisters of saint joseph?
who shot and killed president john f kennedy?
who is tony romo engaged to?
what do people in south africa speak?
where great britain located?
what state was hillary clinton a senator for?
what market does starbucks operate in?
what country does nike operate in?
what cities are in oakland county michigan?
what characters does trey parker voice?
where will euro 2012 be?
who the voice of lois griffin?
when did the 7th harry potter book come out?
what is the parliament of canada called?
where is south carolina located?
who are paul revere's parents?
what political system does russia use?
what are american staffordshire terriers?
who is the current coach of the chicago bulls?
what language is mainly spoken in england?
what awards has morgan freeman won?
who will michael schumacher drive for in 2013?
what kind of government does the united states have today?
who were michael jackson's brothers and sisters?
when is the last time the chicago bulls won a championship?
what is the braves mascot?
where to stay in paris france?
what teams did george steinbrenner own?
who does christopher walken play in batman returns?
what to see and do in revelstoke?
what guitar did andres segovia use?
what style of art did vincent van gogh do?
what was nicolaus copernicus discovery?
where did the tutsi come from?
what country did osama bin laden live in?
where was the roman empire centered?
who played samuel sullivan in heroes?
which ocean does the murray river flow into?
what time zone is cincinnati oh in?
where does peter king live?
what are west african countries?
who became president when jfk was killed?
where is mallorca?
what years have the cubs been in the world series?
what car companies does ford motor company own?
what type of government does the bahamas?
what style of music did jimi hendrix play?
what character does mila kunis play on family guy?
who played anakin skywalker in phantom menace?
what language do the people in ghana speak?
where is luke afb arizona?
what language people speak in belgium?
where was the battle of vicksburg located?
where was the gallipoli campaign waged?
what was lincoln's wife's name?
what did king george vi die of?
what type of currency is used in the united kingdom?
where did brad paisley graduate from college?
what city was robert kennedy killed in?
who plays the new michael myers?
who was killed first tupac or biggie?
what kind of currency to bring to mexico?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007?
what theme songs did alan thicke wrote?
what films did patrick swayze star in?
where is sony headquarters?
who is liz lemon getting married to?
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji?
what type of music is tchaikovsky?
when is wimbledon tennis tournament?
where did helen keller go to school?
where is german an official language?
what language do you speak in iran?
who did tupac shakur date?
who does paul bettany play in the avengers?
what did larry hagman die of?
who is the governor of colorado 2009?
what timezone is michigan usa?
what blood disease does robin roberts have?
what show is jill wagner on?
what currency does senegal use?
what do ethnic russians look like?
what places made up the western roman empire?
what company did mitt romney run?
what is vito corleone real name?
what is the king of spain's name?
where did justin bieber grew up?
what district does john cornyn represent?
when was the last superbowl win for the steelers?
what language do they speak in argentina yahoo?
who drafted kevin garnett?
what is zip code for chicago illinois?
what is the name of book written by helen keller?
what did bruce jenner win gold for?
who is prime minister of japan 2011?
what year did aaron rodgers get drafted?
who plays the voice of kovu?
who is martin luther king jr wife?
who is the new governor of florida 2011?
what kind of money does the uk use?
what books did jules verne wright?
where does the philadelphia union soccer team play?
where is the portuguese language derived from?
what 5 countries border ethiopia?
what type of planes does virgin america fly?
what city is the university of maryland university college in?
where did anne frank live before the war?
where was joseph p kennedy born?
who are iran's major trading partners?
where do the san francisco giants play baseball?
what type of currency does egypt have?
what club team is diego forlan on?
what state is kaplan university online located?
what timezone are the bahamas?
where did l frank baum die?
what inspired steinbeck to write?
who is the leader of cuba 2012?
where did gareth southgate play?
what musical instruments did duke ellington play?
where is the bank of america pavilion?
what all does google have?
what is the boston celtics current roster?
who plays ray barone?
what movies did robert blake play in?
what tv shows are taped in new york city?
what did gerald ford die of?
where is the gobi desert located?
who is prime minister of japan 2012?
what city was barack obama born in?
what countries speak spanish wikipedia?
what films have johnny depp been in?
who runs china 2011?
what major airport is near destin florida?
what country did vasco da gama came from?
what is the current government of vietnam?
what countries was the vietnam war between?
what to see outside of paris?
where did laura ingalls wilder live?
who did jason segel date?
where christopher columbus was born?
who did kat graham play in parent trap?
what does sammy hagar sing?
who plays young lex luthor in smallville?
who is lamar odom playing for in 2012?
what are the main sports in new zealand?
who makes lois griffin voice?
what is the zip code for trenton ga?
what language do you speak in finland?
what kind of system of government does the united states have?
what inventions did da vinci made?
what was lebron james rookie year?
what are shirley temple kids names?
who does malcom floyd play for?
what position does terrell owens play?
what did kourtney kardashian go to college for?
what are the four official languages of nigeria?
where is bergen belsen concentration camp located?
who was louis xvi?
what was the name of tecumseh brother?
what did donna summers die from?
what year did allen iverson get married?
where was selena gomez really born?
who did lamar odom sign with?
when did the battle of thermopylae occur?
where did eleanor roosevelt go to school?
what country does turkey trade with?
what do people speak in singapore?
what country is next to russia?
who played jacob black?
what movies star adam sandler?
what university did bill clinton graduated from?
who plays jackson gibbs on ncis?
where did president kennedy go to school?
when did the ny knicks last win a championship?
what happened at fukushima daiichi nuclear plant?
who was louis kossuth?
what country do arabic people come from?
when did the red sox win the pennant?
where did harry truman die?
what was prince charles last name?
what type of legal system does italy have?
what website did mark zuckerberg co founder?
what bass does jared followill use?
who played captain kirk in star trek?
what type of currency does the us have?
what currency does thailand use?
where is canadian county oklahoma?
what does rob kardashian do for living?
where is oceania on a map?
what can you do in palm springs ca?
when was the last time the ny giants played in the superbowl?
who is adam sandler?
who was the president of pakistan in 1980?
which college did barack obama attend?
where was st elizabeth ann seton born?
what does the adriatic sea border?
what teams played in the 2010 stanley cup?
what colony is john adams from?
what countries do germany border?
what language do the assyrians speak?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 3?
where was abraham lincoln buried?
who was the grandson of king david's father?
when president lincoln was elected?
when was the last time the oakland raiders won the super bowl?
where is devon sawa now?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
who was marilyn monroe's parents?
what to do when traveling to london?
where is shoreditch?
where does the spanish language come from?
where does ryan lochte live now?
what timezone is tennessee nashville?
what political party was henry clay?
what is capital city of ontario?
what money is used in england?
who did corey feldman married?
who is the voice of lois from family guy?
what was walt disney's first cartoon called?
what did mary harris jones accomplish?
what currency do i need in egypt?
where is ellis park rugby stadium?
what does the letters eu stand for?
what are the 5 countries in the united kingdom?
what label is jojo signed to?
who is the state senator of kentucky?
where did douglas macarthur die?
what does russian people speak?
who is playing jason morgan on general hospital?
where is hong kong china?
what countries do they speak italian?
who does david beckham play for in 2013?
who nikki reed play in twilight?
who does blake griffin play for in the nba?
who played mulder in the x files?
what are bridgit mendler's parents names?
what tourist attractions are in houston texas?
who are the current maryland senators?
where is the capital of canada on the map?
what kind of paintings did frida kahlo do?
what was francisco vasquez de coronado known for?
what form of government does greece use?
where did the columbia river begin?
who was the original voice of meg on family guy?
what movies has michael clarke duncan been in?
what is jessica ennis sport?
where is tahiti bora bora?
what are all of michael jackson albums?
where did joe namath live?
who is my state senator and representative minnesota?
what films has kristen stewart starred in?
where do samsung lions play?
what does annie leibovitz do?
who did mike tomlin play for?
what kind of currency does cuba use?
who is ben roethlisberger parents?
what movies have robert pattinson starred in?
what are the zoroastrian scriptures called?
what political party is barack obama from?
what organization did martin luther king lead?
what year did michael jordan started his career?
what currency should you take to thailand?
what kind of guitar does jemaine clement play?
where was lance armstrong born and in what year?
what kind of money is used in israel?
where is george bush from?
who is the falcons quarterback 2012?
what is the zip code for trenton ohio?
what is north dakota state's mascot?
what is the work of charles darwin?
what movies have adam sandler been in?
what was one of benjamin franklin's inventions?
where did phil mickelson go to college?
what does duffy sing?
what school did tupac go to?
what does guyana speak?
where did the flemish live?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
what college did harry s. truman attend?
what county is minneapolis mn in?
what religion in thailand?
who is queen elizabeth 1 father?
what other languages does switzerland speak?
what team is ronaldinho on?
who plays paul blart?
who is kobe bryant wife bio?
what kind of government system does canada have?
what type of government did sparta greece have?
what kind of voting system does japan have?
what are the names of all the countries in africa?
what is the name of the pittsburgh steelers stadium?
who was cleopatra married too?
where was nicki minaj born?
what was jesse james wife name?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer?
where was emperor hadrian born?
when was gardasil released to the public?
who became president when roosevelt died in office?
where did martin luther king went to school?
where did charles drew go to college?
who voice acts peter griffin?
who was charles darwin married to?
who plays lynette on desperate housewives?
what year was michael jordan rookie year?
what timezone is the state of texas?
what did chadwick identify?
what airport is closest to ithaca ny?
where did kurt cobain die?
what county is jackson michigan in?
where was the battle of verdun held?
what system of government does nigeria have?
who played boss hogg dukes of hazzard?
who played kitt in knight rider?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow?
what timezone is toronto gmt?
what religion is king henry viii?
where did james baldwin go to school?
who was joseph pulitzer and what did he do?
where do you fly into for destin?
where did jane austen grow up?
what was basketball player michael jordan's major in college?
who made the american red cross?
what kind government does canada have?
where does dr. sanjay gupta practice?
what did newton discover or invent?
who played daniel larusso?
what happened to umaga wwe?
who does david beckham play for in 2012?
what movies did jj abrams direct?
what countries does armenia border?
what two countries speak italian?
when richard nixon was president?
what job did martin luther king jr have?
what characters does seth macfarlane voice?
where did macho camacho got shot at?
what has ian somerhalder played in?
who is andrew carnegie and what did he do?
who plays lorne on angel?
what form of government exists in china?
what influenced abraham lincoln to become president?
who is jeremy sumpter?
when last did real madrid win the champions league?
who was the winner of the 2009 nobel peace prize?
who is ruling north korea now?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for now 2011?
what state did henry clay represent?
what country was vasco nunez de balboa born in?
which states does the mississippi river pass through?
where was san gabriel arcangel located?
who was the emperor before nero?
what type of artwork did henri matisse produce?
what is gibby's mom's name?
what type of music does ella fitzgerald sing?
what are the best places to go in germany?
what movies are directed by steven spielberg?
what instrument does mike huckabee play?
what movies does matt damon play in?
where is basque located?
what movies does alyson stoner play in?
who did paul jr marry?
what region is czech republic in?
who the voice of jack skellington?
who raised queen victoria?
who are the famous athletes in kenya?
what to see in staten island new york?
what continent is greenland located?
what language do egyptians use?
what teams did gretzky play on?
where was obama educated?
who did wayne gretzky play 4?
what was the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
what is the name of the main train station in san francisco?
what are the major languages in italy?
where did the battle of new orleans start?
what does the dominican republic speak?
when did barry zito won the cy young?
who is paul revere and what did he do?
what airlines hub in phoenix?
where did cutler jay go to college?
who did etta james marry?
who played andy in toy story 3?
where is ann romney from?
who was galileo galilei?
what school did bill gates go to?
what movies did miley cyrus play in?
what country does dubai come under?
who do nate robinson play for?
where does the panama canal run through?
what years did jackie robinson play baseball?
what countries use english as national language?
who all has steve nash played for?
where does jason statham live?
what language is cyprus using?
what to do in roatan bay?
what is the rainforest in peru called?
where is mount jefferson located?
what is the state symbols of colorado?
where did buzz williams go to college?
which airport is closest to the city of chicago?
what part of the world is south africa in?
what movies did adam sandler play in?
where is washington d.c. at?
who is the ravens quarterback 2012?
when did aldi originate?
who created microsoft windows?
what is john steinbeck best known for?
when was barack obama elected president?
who nominated anthony kennedy?
who was the voice of darth vader in episode iii?
what year did lamar odom play for the clippers?
where the french language come from?
what is the government of chile?
what movie does natalie portman play in?
who is the head coach of the new orleans saints?
where does the shannon river flow?
what movies does zac efron star in?
what is the political system of nigeria?
where is puerto galera?
where is the battle of verdun located?
what currency does hungary have?
what all did michael jackson own?
what form of government does canada have?
what language does people speak in australia?
who married jessica simpson?
who controls panama?
when did baltimore orioles win the world series?
what to do and see in miami florida?
what movies did chris farley do?
where george washington carver go to school?
who plays steffy on bold and the beautiful?
where was the earthquake in christchurch?
what timezone is reno nv?
who was niccolo machiavelli influenced by?
what did cam newton do?
what continent does the bahamas belong to?
where is baybrook mall?
where did isaac newton go to high school?
what planet did princess leia call home?
what kind of money do you use in costa rica?
where is bob marley from where was he born?
what year did spudd webb won the dunk contest?
what did randy jackson play in journey?
what currency can you use in aruba?
where does roman abramovich live?
who is nolan ryan married to?
what did neil say on the moon?
who played carlton banks?
who is the current leader of cuba today?
what books did emily dickinson wrote?
what hotel should i stay in san francisco?
who created youtube?
what to do in hong kong for a week?
what influenced andy warhol's work?
what is fresno state's zip code?
who is angelina jolie husband name?
what kourtney kardashian baby girls name?
what is the present form of government in iran?
what does icelandic sound like?
where does bill richardson live?
who are the judges on the us supreme court?
what club did aguero play for before man city?
who plays jay adams in lords of dogtown?
what system of government is used in the united states of america?
what did the habsburg family control?
what is beyonce's daughters name?
when did the colts last win the superbowl?
what college did michael jordan play basketball for?
what songs has madonna written?
what countries are located in the netherlands?
who was lincoln's vice president when he died?
where did pope benedict xvi live?
what language brazil use?
where is tommy emmanuel from?
with which country does south africa border?
what is there to do around austin texas?
what countries in the world speak german?
who plays effy in skins uk?
what countries use the euro as official currency?
what kind of money do the netherlands use?
which college did obama graduated?
who is henry david thoreau?
who are richard pryor children?
who is golfer dustin johnson dating?
what are the official languages in spain?
what club did santi cazorla play for?
what highschool did bill gates graduated from?
where does the atlanta braves play?
what year did detroit pistons win nba championships?
what do people from spain speak?
who played danielle rousseau on lost?
who did king tut married?
what political party did john bell belong to?
what countries are part of nato?
what religion is mary queen of scots?
who is chris cooley married to?
where is port st johns florida?
what teams does kroenke own?
where was the battle of shiloh?
where is kate spade from?
what countries are in the caribbean?
when did the new york mets start playing baseball?
what party was woodrow wilson from?
what part does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what type of government does vietnam have today?
what did ben hall do?
what type of aircraft does virgin america use?
what currency do mexico use?
where is the university of oregon state?
who did george wendt play on cheers?
who played cruella deville in 102 dalmatians?
what division did the baltimore colts play in?
what year did us invaded iraq?
what is the local currency in the dominican republic?
what is the capital city of canada on a map?
what is the name of currency used in spain?
what ethnicity are people from iran?
what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar?
who played bilbo baggins?
what famous people are from kansas city?
what country did francis drake represent?
what timezone is indianapolis indiana in?
who ran against bill clinton for president?
what books did lincoln write?
what are popular sports in spain?
what did corey haim act in?
who is the publisher of the wall street journal?
what products are made in the usa?
what do tibetan people speak?
what form of government does afghanistan have?
who was the wife of king edward vii?
what position did john stockton play?
when did freddy krueger die?
who played bernie focker?
who did troy aikman play for?
where is universal studios california theme park?
where the grimm brothers were born?
what sport is popular in china?
what to do with kids in phx az?
where does kirk cameron live now?
what continent is greenland apart of?
who made the ancient egyptian pyramids?
which asian country has the biggest population?
where did the san diego chargers originate?
who was the voice of nemo's dad?
what 4 countries are part of the united kingdom?
who was king george v father?
who won last year's nfl super bowl?
who played michael myers in halloween 4?
what language do chinese?
what happened to nagasaki?
what movies did james franco play in?
what does bob dylan sing?
what year did john adams get elected president?
what to do in palo alto ca with kids?
what country did jacques cartier came from?
what disease did abe lincoln have?
what are the holidays of islam?
what represents ghana?
what to see in downtown asheville nc?
where did carrie underwood live?
what sports do canadians like?
when did carolina hurricanes win the cup?
who does jr smith play for 2012?
who currently owns the steelers?
where was toni braxton born and raised?
who has dirk nowitzki played for?
what is the currency in the dominican republic called?
where is shoreview mn?
what did maria theresa rule?
what was jack london's education?
what club team does ronaldinho play for?
which countries share borders with spain?
what is the official currency in france?
what state did roger sherman represent at the constitutional convention?
what type of money do japanese use?
what county is bradenton fl located in?
what is molly ringwald in?
what movies has scarlett johansson played in?
what is the philadelphia church of god?
where did david duke go to college?
where does bradley cooper live now?
what country did vasco da gama come from?
what country do they speak farsi?
where does luke skywalker live in star wars?
what basketball team does kris humphrey play for?
what is time zone in hawaii?
where did kobe bryant attend high school?
what did doctor kevorkian do?
where is chowchilla located?
what country is vatican city in?
who played princess leia's mother in star wars?
what type of voting system does the uk have?
where is the warmest weather in the united states in december?
where donald trump went to college?
what did john howard study at university?
what did duke ellington do?
from which university did president obama receive his bachelor's degree?
what year did yankees win their first world series?
when was the last time the new england patriots won the superbowl?
what films has morgan freeman narrated?
where are the atlanta falcons located?
what is st francis patron saint of?
where was obama born?
where was tommy emmanuel born?
what techniques did frida kahlo use in her paintings?
who does larry david play in seinfeld?
what type of government does israel?
what political experience did abraham lincoln have?
where does brian williams live?
where is downtown littleton?
what did shawnee smith star in?
what division is cincinnati bengals in?
where was toussaint charbonneau from?
what countries include western europe?
what timezone is new mexico currently in?
who is the current president of china 2010?
what is the legislature of missouri called?
what did harriet beecher stowe do as an abolitionist?
what college did jerry rice attend?
who is liz lemon marrying on 30 rock?
where was the battle of appomattox located?
where did the name rome come from?
what time zone is fresno ca?
who was the governor of missouri in 1996?
what was the cause of death for sage stallone?
where did queen isabella live?
who played carl fredricksen in up?
what language does the country italy speak?
who won the super bowl xliv 2010?
what years did the yankees win the championship?
what did samuel de champlain?
what was william faulkner known for?
what language did the miwok indians speak?
who was audrey hepburn's husbands?
who were queen elizabeth 1 parents?
what did robert koch do?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for?
what currency is best to take to dominican republic?
who's betty white?
who is lleyton hewitt?
what movies did quentin tarantino star in?
what language does the new zealand speak?
what kind of cancer killed larry hagman have?
what kind of drugs does charlie sheen do?
what county is sacramento located in?
what did audrey hepburn died of?
what country was the treaty of versailles written?
what is st mary mascot?
who was irving berlin and what did he do?
who shot j lennon?
where is the denver broncos stadium located?
where did sir ernest shackleton live?
what type of music is scott joplin?
where did the welsh language originate from?
who does leia think her father is?
what languages do people speak in switzerland?
who is president of france?
who did alf's voice?
what was theodore roosevelt's political party?
what year were the cincinnati reds founded?
where ulysses s grant go to school?
what magazine did edgar allan poe work for?
where did chickasaw indians live?
what music did antonio vivaldi compose?
who plays batman in 2012?
what is the timezone in vancouver?
what time is world cup soccer?
what county is stockton ca located in?
what did ronnie radke do?
where does selena gomez live right now 2010?
who is the member of rajya sabha?
what form of government does czech republic have?
who is the leader of syria now?
what was eli whitney education?
what movies has renee zellweger been in?
what other writers influenced charles dickens?
where jay z was raised?
what currency does the dominican republic?
what is daniel radcliffe name in the woman in black?
what money do they use in thailand?
where was battle of verdun located?
where does avril lavigne live now?
who plays stewie griffin's voice family guy?
what should i see in london england?
what language do iraqi people speak?
where did paul rudd go to high school?
what was abe lincoln shot with?
what did regina hall play in?
who plays jacob black in twilight?
what american penny is worth money?
what book did jacob riis wrote?
what airport is close to scottsdale arizona?
who plays noah bennet?
who won american idol 2006 season 5?
where do the chicago cubs play?
where did reagan die?
what is the language used in indonesia?
what was irving langmuir famous for?
what is the official language of china called?
what was the name of martin luther king jr parents?
what money does guatemala use?
who was president when nelson rockefeller was vice president?
what year magic johnson retired?
what kind of government does spain have now?
who plays young john winchester in supernatural?
where is shakira from originally?
what region is manchester england?
where was the gettysburg war located?
what do people go to amsterdam for?
who is the elected governor of california?
what language chile speak?
what currency to take to side turkey?
who founded the new democratic party?
what team did john madden play football for?
what does julian clary do?
where does the potomac river flow into?
where is the olympic national park located?
when does the world cup occur?
what years the steelers won the super bowl?
what art movement was vincent van gogh apart of?
where does danish language come from?
what countries are in the baltic region?
what nation did hitler lead?
what time is in london heathrow?
what continent does the amazon river flow through?
what is a city in belgium?
who played elle greenaway?
what did captain scott die of?
what city did elvis presley grew up in?
what continent is belize located in?
who was donald duck's girlfriend?
what party was winston churchill in politics?
what 4 teams did wayne gretzky play for?
who was philip randolph?
where are brembo brakes from?
what to see and do in san diego california?
what is the zip code for clarksville tn?
where's wayne state?
who is the president of cuba in 2009?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
where is the university of alabama?
where is the country of armenia?
who tom cruise been married to?
which country is gaza city located?
who is president of pakistan 2012?
what country did james watt come from?
what instrument did louis armstrong like to play?
what types of government does china have?
where is the boeing company?
what does bill gates own?
what are the two houses in congress?
what team does ladainian tomlinson play 4?
what is the major language spoken in canada?
what did camille grammer do for a living?
what jamaican language called?
what planet was luke skywalker raised on?
who did georgia o'keeffe inspired?
who does brandon jacobs play for?
what is the government structure of germany?
who was queen elizabeth the first's mother?
who is the leader of the dominican republic 2011?
who does obama look up to?
where did william mckinley go to high school?
who played heath barkley?
what year did baltimore ravens win the superbowl?
what is the name of the money used in spain?
what did edward jenner do for a living?
when did shawn johnson won the gold medal?
what did brittany murphy died of?
what type of political system does north korea have?
who will play clary in city of bones?
what books did frances hodgson burnett wrote?
what year did edgar allan poe go to college?
where is amsterdam ohio?
who are the two current senators of illinois?
when did the orioles win the pennant?
who did stephenie meyer play in twilight?
what 3 countries does mexico border?
who played giles on buffy the vampire slayer?
what teams are in the american league west?
what books did robert burns wrote?
where does drogba play now?
who owns chrysler corporation 2012?
what are the name of mitt romney sons?
what was the cause of death of larry hagman?
what school did sir isaac newton go to?
what was robert hooke's contributions to science?
in which country is mount everest found?
what form of government does germany use?
what language do haitian speak?
who is nick grimshaw?
what did florence sabin do?
who played betty rizzo in grease?
who played wesley crusher on star trek the next generation?
where did audie murphy grow up?
what school does bart simpson go to?
where is mark sanchez now?
where was the battle of verdun ww1?
where is okemos michigan?
where did caroline kennedy go to school?
what type of government is the us government?
what is shakespeare's parents names?
who is the ravens coach?
what college did ron jaworski go to?
what team does allen iverson play for now?
what years did the atlanta braves win the world series?
what are the basic beliefs of islam religion?
what is modern egyptian language?
where does sam shepard live?
in what state was the air force academy established?
what are the names of harry potter books in order?
what currency should i bring to italy?
what years did the orioles play in the world series?
what does the roman empire consist of?
what did fred goodwin do?
what school did burne hogarth establish?
who is marilyn monroe and why is she famous?
where is port charlotte florida located?
what time zone is it in california?
who is reba mcentire's son?
who helped form the american federation of labor?
who did julie andrews play in shrek?
when did the celtics win championship?
what does canada export and import the most?
what episode does eric northman come in?
what was elijah mccoy famous for?
who did john paul jones fight for?
where does hudson river start?
where was brad paisley born and raised?
what is charlotte north carolina known for?
where is glastonbury connecticut?
what is george washington's hometown?
what is arlington texas zip code?
what years did yankees win championships?
what characters does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what airport fly into miami?
what year did steve nash play for the mavericks?
where is arabic used?
what book did charles darwin write on evolution?
what are all songs by taylor swift?
what instruments does katy perry play?
who was francis drake married to?
where were the chickasaw indians located?
where does don king live?
who did deborah sampson married?
what form of government does mexico?
who played mickey on days of our lives?
what movies does nicole kidman star in?
where to stay in san francisco ca?
what team does reggie bush play for 2011?
where did kate chopin grow up?
who is the current president of dominican republic 2011?
what money system does greece use?
who played obi wan kenobi in phantom menace?
what is the newspaper in phoenix?
where is luke bryan from?
who invented facebook wikipedia?
what country surrounds spain?
where did captain james cook grow up?
where is sony headquarters located?
who wore the darth vader suit in revenge of the sith?
what movies has scarlett johansson in?
where is alex rodriguez from?
who invented morse code?
what happened to adolf hitler at the end of the war?
what is the political system in england?
who was vice president under ronald reagan?
what does rupert murdoch own 2012?
where did william howard taft go to high school?
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship?
which four states touch mexico?
what did sammy davis jr die of?
what did anna nicole smith died from?
what country did francis drake explored for?
what two countries share a border with the great lakes?
what year did dwayne wade came to the nba?
where did jackie kennedy go to college?
what religion does tom cruise follow?
what is the president of france's name?
what language do lakota indians speak?
what is the money called in spain?
where is the great pyramid of giza situated?
what money is used in the ukraine?
where did ayn rand live?
when was the civil war in libya?
where are the headquarters of the united nations organization found?
what influenced roy lichtenstein artwork?
what state did romney governor?
which countries border lake victoria?
what movies does ryan gosling star in?
where is kentucky located?
where john tyler was born?
what place did thomas jefferson died?
what is the time zone in france?
what kind of economy was the soviet union?
what county is lancaster ca located in?
who is steve nash married to?
what is the name of the bengals quarterback?
what do michelle obama do for a living?
who does paul wesley play in 24?
what continent is australia in?
what is roshon fegan's heritage?
where is spanish springs nv?
what club does ronaldinho play for 2012?
what is the name of the sacred text of islam?
where did richard nixon go to high school?
who stars in the movie fred claus?
where did madoff live?
what killed sammy davis jr?
where to hang out in chicago?
what are the best things to do in san diego?
what currency do you use in costa rica?
who are the senators of kansas 2013?
what influenced jackson pollock's work?
what is the official language of the ukraine?
who won 2001 fa cup?
what songs did duane allman sing?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies?
what team did joe hart play for before man city?
who did scarlett johansson married?
what team did doug williams play for?
what are the different sports in the philippines?
who won the presidential race in venezuela?
where did willy wonka take place?
what degree did martin luther king get?
what type of music did vivaldi write?
what books has elie wiesel written?
when did the boston celtics win their first championship?
who is cameron crowe?
what is the national anthem of russia?
what college did lee corso attend?
what films did liam neeson star in?
what are all the countries in nato?
what does tim gunn do for a living?
what was eli whitney job?
what political party was adolf hitler from?
who did hermione granger marry?
what does taiwan people speak?
what state is george washington university located in?
what is the state bird and flower of michigan?
where was governor cuomo born?
who are the judges of the supreme court?
who is the president of brazil now?
what years have the ravens won the super bowl?
what money to take to sri lanka?
what year did the mets win their first world series?
who was leonardo da vinci teacher?
where did newt gingrich attend college?
where did thomas jefferson died?
what football teams did emmitt smith play for?
where did joe namath attend college?
what city is purdue university located?
what language does people in thailand speak?
what does beth tweddle compete in?
what airport is closest to downtown toronto?
what did emily bronte died of?
what to do around krabi thailand?
what country is george washington carver from?
who is playing bilbo in the hobbit movie?
when did kennedy get elected?
what kind of currency do they use in thailand?
who is the actor that plays rico in hannah montana?
what time zone is birmingham england?
what does andy warhol do?
where is colombia the country?
who does jodelle ferland play in eclipse?
where was karl marx buried?
what timezone is nevada in right now?
what team did deion sanders play for in baseball?
what did dr carter g woodson do?
who invented the ford motor company?
what is ayrton senna?
where was stephen g. breyer born?
what films have taylor lautner starred in?
what did charles dickens believe in?
who played elaine on doc martin?
what religion is sammy davis jr?
what airport does southwest fly to in denver?
who started google?
in what timezone is arizona?
where kurdish people from?
what year did arizona diamondbacks win the world series?
where was jesus born and raised?
what currency do i take to turkey?
who portrayed indiana jones in raiders of the lost ark?
what money is used in ukraine?
where is greyton western cape?
what is the buddhist holy book?
who is jason morgan married to in real life?
what is colorado's state flower?
who was phil harris married to?
which jane austen books are movies?
where did antoine laurent lavoisier die?
where is lanzarote in a world map?
what year did lakers win their first championship?
who plays dante falconeri?
what sports are played in canada?
who is the president of israel 2012?
who does northern ireland belong to?
who does allen iverson play for now 2010?
what party was lincoln affiliated with?
where do islamic people go to worship?
what god does taoism believe in?
what college did kris humphries play for?
what do mali people speak?
who is john garcia?
what type of government does japan currently have?
what do israeli people speak?
what year did george washington become the president?
what did lbj die of?
what is the main language spoken in italy?
who was the first wife of prophet muhammad?
what does george soros believe?
on which river is paris?
who was sam houston answers?
who is sherri shepherd's new husband?
who did kevin garnett play for before celtics?
who the voice of peter griffin?
what is the name of dawn french's first novel?
who is the governor of california 2010?
where is st louis cardinals stadium?
where does manny pacquiao live?
when were the duggar kids born?
where did pharaoh hatshepsut live?
what four countries are in the united kingdom?
who does sam bradford play for?
where did the seminole native americans live?
what county is plymouth ia in?
what airlines fly into ontario international airport?
what school did kurt vonnegut go to?
where did henry hudson come from?
which continent is costa rica located?
what movies has halle berry starred in?
what was the capital of ancient israel?
where is sony ericsson based?
what school did michael jordan go to?
what do you speak in singapore?
where is reggie bush from?
what has sara paxton been in?
what primary school did sir isaac newton go to?
what's the egyptian currency?
what is mexico city time zone?
who won the fa cup in 2008?
who plays jacob black in the twilight movies?
who is the head coach of the indianapolis colts?
who is rob kardashian dating now 2012?
what is the syracuse university mascot?
where does honda play soccer?
what time zone is ontario toronto?
what government did japan have?
where does the shannon river end?
what all does stan kroenke own?
what countries does china border?
what university did donald trump graduate from?
what drug did mitch hedberg overdose on?
what is british columbia?
what language do you speak in austria?
who was rosemary clooney married to?
where did roger moore live?
who's the oakland raiders head coach?
where is portuguese language spoken?
who is married to garth brooks?
what political party was hitler the leader of?
who did plaxico burress sign with 2012?
who does zach galifianakis play in the hangover?
who plays lois in family guy?
what state did dwight d. eisenhower live in?
what are 2 inventions benjamin franklin is credited with creating?
where did carmen electra grow up?
what is vanderbilt university mascot?
what famous book did benjamin franklin wrote?
what band does adam levine sing for?
where did brian williams go to college?
where did robert hooke get his education?
what country did truman lead?
what is language in argentina?
which island in greece?
who has won the most fa cup?
what time is kansas in?
what time is in san diego california?
when did hurricane irene hit ct?
who did michael jackson play in the wiz?
what was gregor mendel known for?
what drugs does charlie sheen do?
what is the capital city of assyrian empire?
which countries speak english?
what disease michael jackson?
where did jerry spinelli go to college?
what is the zip code for cordova tn?
what is julia gillard party?
what is the origin of the turkish language?
when did tom brady join the patriots?
what is isaac newton famous for?
where did barack obama went to school?
what battles did robert e lee participate in?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1998?
what did ron howard direct?
who are shakespeare's siblings?
what team did albert pujols play for?
what inspired monet?
where does kaka live?
what are fun things to do in seattle wa?
where does the oklahoma city thunder practice?
what is the language called in turkey?
who was theodore roosevelt's vice president?
what college did charles richard drew go to?
where does the roman language come from?
what nationality is jermaine paul?
where did the oakland raiders move from?
who were mary shelley's parents?
what do do in new york?
what are some of the religions in australia?
what is the capital city of south carolina?
what language do they speak in indonesia?
what type of political system is headed by queen elizabeth ii?
what is the actual current local time now in uk?
what are some of the awards taylor swift has won?
what city did obama grow up in?
where did chris cuomo go?
where did gary coleman live when he died?
what is there to do in palm springs?
where is auburn university at?
where was ronald reagan born and raised?
what county is morristown tn in?
where do the houston rockets play basketball?
who was the president of the united states during ww2?
which states does the connecticut river flow through?
what are the biggest cities in illinois?
which province in canada is the most populated?
what continent do the falkland islands belong to?
what language do russian people speak?
which states touch canadian soil?
what did alvin smith died from?
what are the four harry potter house names?
who has tim howard played for?
when is the gold cup cheltenham?
where does portuguese originate?
what currency in dominican republic should i bring?
who did howie long married?
what region of the world is north america in?
who is the current governor of georgia 2011?
where do navajo indians live?
what instrument does ringo starr play?
who are china's trading partners?
what character did stan lee create?
where did rich rodriguez get fired?
who did mario lopez just marry?
what happened to president james garfield?
what time zone am i in missouri?
who is paul mccartney's current wife?
what channel is anderson cooper talk show on?
what drugs were in whitney houston when she died?
who did warren moon play for?
what brand of guitar does steve vai play?
what do hungarian people speak?
what prep school did romney attend?
in what town did ned kelly and his family grow up?
what is bethenny frankel husband name?
who is the present president of china?
who speaks stewie on family guy?
who influenced arthur conan doyle?
when was samuel pepys?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
what type of money does jamaica use?
what instrument does fela kuti play?
who is kurt busch driving for now?
who was charlemagne's wife?
where did woodrow wilson go to school?
who is lamar odom married too?
where can you buy amazon kindle?
who is angelina jolie's husband?
what kind of money do they use in aruba?
what sports do people in france play?
what wars did robert e lee lead?
what language do native american indians speak?
where did tennessee williams live?
what was king louis xiv religion?
what language do they in belgium?
who plays walter in fringe?
where is port st lucie florida on the map?
what countries are the mediterranean?
what city has the largest population in mexico?
who juan ponce de leon?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series?
what state is toronto in?
where did the loma prieta earthquake occur?
what is the state motto of massachusetts?
what is time zone in new orleans?
what type of poetry does john donne write?
where did helen keller die?
who is the current president of chile 2011?
where did johann sebastian bach live?
what timezone is malaysia?
where is alex smith from?
where was alice walker born?
what do they speak iceland?
what wars have france been involved in?
who plays moira on the l word?
when did joe mcelderry won x factor?
what is the major language of jamaica?
who was the members of blackstreet?
what does a american rottweiler look like?
who created the character of sherlock holmes?
what does scottish people speak?
who all has kim kardashian dated?
who are the main trading partners of china?
what book did john steinbeck wrote about the people in the dust bowl?
who is the voice of family guys meg griffin?
what channel is the mtv vma awards on?
what kind of currency does jamaica use?
what type of government does the nigeria have?
where is usc from?
what country was william shakespeare born?
where great britain on the world map?
what to see in dallas tx?
what is my timezone in california?
what is president abraham lincoln known for?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
what year did the vietnam war happen?
where do the broncos play?
who inspired antonio vivaldi?
what type of currency is used in puerto rico?
what is jackie kennedy famous for?
what currency is used in france before euro?
who started up mcdonalds?
what major landforms are located in egypt?
who played nba finals 2010?
what state was ronald reagan governor of?
what is the most practiced religion in the united states?
what is st james palace?
what airport to fly into to get to clearwater florida?
who has britney spears married?
what currency is used in hungary?
what currency do they use in qatar?
what are fun things to do in denver colorado?
what did thoreau die from?
what years did the red sox win the world series?
what war was woodrow wilson president for?
who is carl edwards racing for?
where are the florida marlins from?
what is the main religion in eastern europe?
what language does romanian people speak?
what date was john adams elected president?
who nominated stephen g. breyer?
which party was lincoln?
who are the two current illinois senators?
what did robin gibb died from?
what were adolf hitler's parents names?
what did jordyn wieber win gold for?
what job does bill rancic have?
what did robert hooke discover?
what does michael jackson like to eat?
who owns the new england patriots football team?
what is the dollar called in brazil?
what airport fly into for maui?
what has lucy hale played in?
who won 2011 heisman trophy?
who is the falcons kicker?
where did charles drew go to high school?
what language do argentina use?
who won governor race in indiana?
what languages do people speak in egypt?
what college did florence griffith joyner attend?
what style of art did henri matisse use?
who plays alan parrish in jumanji?
who was reese witherspoon married too?
who is the coach of the la lakers?
what is the dominican republic's capital?
what is illinois state flower called?
what language do they speak thailand?
what are the major religions in poland?
what is the san francisco giants mascot?
where was tupac born?
where is the main headquarters of the un?
what utc time zone is arizona?
who played as barney?
who played elaine's boyfriend on seinfeld?
who did juan ponce de leon married?
what language do they speak in spain wikipedia?
what times is it in texas?
where did the arizona diamondbacks play?
what did fred davis do?
what country was theodor schwann born in?
where is the fukushima daiichi located?
what country was bin laden from?
who plays claudia joy on army wives?
where did darfur happen?
what language does greece use?
what kind of money does argentina use?
who was the prime minister of australia in 1958?
what movies has taylor momsen been in?
what was henry ford best known for?
what kind of music did michael jackson sing?
what education does jeff corwin have?
what movies has chris colfer been in?
where the queen of denmark lives?
what did roald dahl write?
who was the real erin brockovich?
what county is troy il in?
what position does mitt romney hold?
who is country singer jewel married to?
what movies does tupac act in?
where does the appalachian trail run through?
where is burundi located on a map?
what unicef stands for?
what clubs has messi played for?
where is merrell shoes headquarters?
who does the uk trade with?
what color are the baltimore ravens?
what is tim tebow's religion?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship?
what does anderson cooper do?
what movies did matt bomer play in?
who is ellen bernstein?
when was reagan inaugurated?
what kind of education did barack obama have?
what did james k polk believe in?
what currency does south africa have?
where did jerome david salinger died?
what religions are recognized in canada?
what airport is closest to cancun?
where is somalia located?
who played lex luthor in the original superman?
who is the head coach of the chicago blackhawks?
where was john f kennedy raised?
what does kat dennings star in?
where does volga river start?
what are the major sports played in venezuela?
what did roger sherman do for a living?
who does ryan newman race for?
what was the political system in libya?
who plays the voice of lois griffin on family guy?
what the currency in argentina?
where does eddie bravo teach?
when did michael schumacher win his first title?
where does sally pearson live?
what college chris paul go to?
where is madeira?
what country is joseph prince from?
what do they speak in austria?
what are major religions in the united states?
what things did thomas edison invent?
where is the sistine chapel by michelangelo?
who has played edward quartermaine on general hospital?
what kind of language does switzerland speak?
where is christina aguilera from?
what are fun things to do in philadelphia?
